---
title: "Destroy All Humans! 2020 - Official Release Trailer"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SMwPl1V84ej4EL207/x240"
vid_id: "x7v9d9r"
categories: "videogames"
tags: ["xboxviewtv","xbox","xbox one"]
date: "2020-07-28T21:56:05+03:00"
duration: "PT2M49S"
---
The Invasion has begun: Destroy All Humans! 2020 today, it's out now!  <br>Puny Humans, rejoice! The day has finally arrived, today Destroy All Humans! is available on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC. These devices will allow you to witness the glory of the Furon Empire in your living room, no need to bring your resistance to the outside world!  <br>Free Demo Available  <br>We know, most of you humanoids can't wait to witness the glory of the Furon Empire, so here’s your chance to play the Destroy All Humans! Demo for PC today, you can download it via Steam or Gog.com:  <br>Destroy All Humans! Demo on Steam:   <br>Destroy All Humans! Demo on Gog.com:   <br>Destroy All Humans! is now available on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One from your preferred retailer, and also available digitally on PC, Xbox One and PlayStation 4. The SRP of the PC version is €29.99 / $29.99 / £24.99 / ₽1.529, and the SRP for consoles is €39.99 / $39.99 / £34.99 / ₽2.799 (PlayStation 4 and Xbox One).  <br>The DNA Collector's Edition, featuring a Crypto'N'Cow figurine, keychain, six lithographs, anti-stress toy, and all in-game Crypto skins, all contained within a premium box, is available now and has an SRP of €149.99 | $149.99 | £139.99.  <br>About Destroy All Humans!  <br>The cult-classic returns and invades everything but your privacy on July 28 2020! Terrorize the people of 1950s Earth in the role of the evil alien Crypto-137. Harvest DNA and bring down the US government in the remake of the legendary alien invasion action adventure. Annihilate puny humans using an assortment of alien weaponry and psychic abilities. Reduce their cities to rubble with your flying Saucer!  <br>One giant step on mankind!  <br>Destroy All Humans! is a cult classic and one of the few games that will have you laughing out loud. Many games have taken inspiration from its mix of humoristic story-telling and easily accessible open world shooter action, as well as its wide range of over-the-top weaponry. But there can only be one Cryptosporidium: the human-hating alien with the voice of an angry Jack Nicholson and a shorter fuse than a xenomorph on steroids.  <br>Step right up and enjoy the show!  <br>Only Destroy All Humans! allows you to explore idyllic US cities of the 1950s, read the thoughts of their citizens to uncover their secret desires… and then burn the very same cities to the ground with the mighty Death Ray of your flying saucer!  <br>Features  <br>Use your Abducto Beam to throw tanks around!  <br>Use your psychokinesis powers to crush a farmer under his own cow!  <br>Discover which seemingly prude ’50s housewife secretly has the hots for her hairdresser!  <br>Slowly batter a human to death with his own hat!  <br>Light up the night by zapping your enemies with teslatastic electricity!  <br>Take. One. Giant. Step. On. Mankind!
