---
title: "First Thing Trump's USPS cuts are 'a crisis for US democracy'"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SPO501VEvcsC4seeI/x240"
vid_id: "x7vn7ls"
categories: "news"
tags: ["First","Thing","Trump's"]
date: "2020-08-19T06:40:10+03:00"
duration: "PT5M33S"
---
Good morning,Nancy Pelosi has recalled the House of Representatives from its summer recess early, to vote on a bill to prevent the United States Postal Service downgrading its operations or service from early-2020 levels, in response to what the Democratic House speaker called the “sabotage” of the mail system by the Trump administration. Donald Trump admitted last week that he was blocking funding to the USPS in a bid to disrupt mail-in voting at November’s presidential election. Postal workers told the Guardian that changes implemented by the new postmaster general, the Trump loyalist Louis DeJoy, were already causing major delays. Barack Obama has condemned Trump’s explicit “kneecapping” of the mail, while on Sunday, Bernie Sanders added his voice to the widespread warnings, calling the situation “a crisis for American democracy” in an interview with NBC:What you are witnessing is a president of the United States who is doing everything he can to suppress the vote, make it harder for people to engage in mail-in balloting at a time when people will be putting their lives on the line by having to go out to a polling station and vote. The Covid-19 death toll in the US is now more than 170,000. Teachers in states currently hit hard by the coronavirus, such as Georgia and Florida, remain fearful of plans to press ahead with the reopening of schools. But Jared Kushner has no such concerns: the president’s son-in-law said on Sunday that his own children would “absolutely” be returning to school, despite the risks. Students at Johns Hopkins will not be on campus in the fall but, as Kari Paul reports, the Baltimore university is inviting them to collaborate in reconstructing an accurate replica of the campus within the popular videogame Minecraft. The pandemic has highlighted the homelessness that already exists in Austin, Texas, reports Alexandra Villarreal.   <br>All data is taken from the source:   <br>Article Link:   <br>#trump #duluthnewstribune #virginiabeachnews #news #nytimes #cnn #newsnow
