---
title: "Mann-E-Iltija Episode 25 Part 1 13th July 2020"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SLB3R1V3B0okyDdV_/x240"
vid_id: "x7uzlcr"
categories: "fun"
tags: ["Mann-E-Iltija Episode 25 Drama","drama Mann-E-Iltija Episode 25","Mann-E-Iltija Episode 25 ary drama"]
date: "2020-07-20T13:36:08+03:00"
duration: "PT21M4S"
---
<br>Mann-E-Iltija | The Journey Of Sisters Enduring Sacrifices  <br>Mann-e-Iltija is the story of three sisters who dreamt of leading a successful life. Yet they land up with different fates after they get stilled in life.  <br>Hania is the youngest and most ambitious of all. Maheen is younger sister with a practical approach in life. Hadia the eldest is the most sensible among all yet she faces the most trouble in life.  <br>Mehwish Quershi as Hadia is the eldest sister and most sensible of all. She is married to Anayat.  <br>Zainab Raja as Maheen is the younger sister who is practical in life. She faces a childhood marriage commitment by her parents with her cousin.  <br>Amara Choudary as Hania is the youngest sister who wants to achieve all in life.  <br>Farah Nadeem as Sameena is the mother of these lovely daughters!  <br>Azad Butt as Faizan is the only brother of three sisters. He is the most pampered child of the family.  <br>But this happy family soon becomes the victim of ill fate.  <br>Kunwar Nafees as Anayat is Hadia’s husband who is her pride.  <br>Taqi Ahmed as Moeez is Maheen’s cousin who is engaged to her since childhood and now they are forced to marry each other.  <br>Eman Zaidi as Kashaf is Anayat’s second wife. After Hadia’s tragic incident Anayat decides to marry Kashaf.  <br>Written By: Zahid Khan &amp; Mamoona Aziz  <br>Directed By: Saqib Zafar Khan  <br>Related: Bikhray Moti | The battle between love &amp; responsibility  <br>Cast:  <br>Kunwar Nafees ,  <br>Amara Choudary,  <br>Zainab Raja,  <br>Mehwish Qureshi,  <br>Taqi Ahmed  <br>Eman Zaidi  <br>Sajeer Uddin  <br>Watch Man E Iltija Every Monday To Thursday at  7 : 00 PM Only On ARY Digital.
