---
title: "'How to move your elephant during a pandemic': an elephant's journey across South America"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SOaJz1VCm1DooAgvI/x240"
vid_id: "x7vinzx"
categories: "news"
tags: ["danger","wildlife","journalist"]
date: "2020-08-12T00:18:06+03:00"
duration: "PT2M44S"
---
The US newspaper, New York Times, highlighted the operation to transfer the elephant, Mara, from the Buenos Aires Ecopark to the Brazilian Elephant Sanctuary in the Brazilian Mato Grosso and pointed out that &quot;thanks to this transfer, her quality of life has improved dramatically. exponential&quot;.  <br>In a long article published in English and Spanish entitled &quot;How to move your elephant in a pandemic&quot;, the newspaper recounts the story of Mara, as a result of all the legal procedures that were necessary for her transfer. &quot;This is done to prevent the illegal trafficking of animals, particularly those that are in danger of extinction,&quot; explains the author of the note, journalist Brooke Jarvis.  <br>The text recalls the journey of the pachyderm: &quot;The elephant Mara lived in captivity all her life. She was sold to the owners of Circo Rodas, who used her as entertainment in conditions of much abuse. In 1995, she would be confiscated at the then Zoo of the City of Buenos Aires, after the circus broke. &quot;  <br>The article recalls that &quot;in 2012, a polar bear and two lions died at the Zoo, which put at the center of criticism the mistreatment that animals receive in captivity and if this type of entertainment is really necessary&quot;, in the one that some suffer so that others have fun.  <br>The newspaper reports that from that moment on, &quot;the debate regarding the conditions in which the City Zoo kept the animals was so great that the SinZoo organization launched a campaign calling for 'the freedom of the prisoner's de Palermo '&quot;, in a clear reference to all its inhabitants.  <br>In line with these claims, &quot;Argentina would be a pioneer in the recognition of animal rights when, in 2014, the orangutan Sandra became the first non-human subject with her rights,&quot; according to the publication.  <br>These are the antecedents that led Mara to the Brazilian sanctuary, although for this it was necessary to carry out an operation that involved a very important logistical and economic deployment.  <br>&quot;The 2,700-kilometer journey between Buenos Aires and Mato Grosso lasted four days, with several stops along the way to feed and give Mara a drink, whose diet was modified so that the transfer would affect her as little as possible.&quot; A team of Argentine and Brazilian specialists accompanied the entire journey, although &quot;upon reaching the border only a part of the delegation could follow the path&quot;, due to the measures taken by the Argentine Government in the framework of the coronavirus pandemic.  <br>At each of these stops, &quot;many people came to photograph the convoy specially prepared for the relocation of Mara&quot;, which is, according to the New York Times, &quot;the 861st animal to be relocated to a sanctuary specifically prepared for its species. &quot;.
