---
title: "Match Winning Moment,Cricket Match,entertainment,cricketnews"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SNiba1VAJQnqxviwC/x240"
vid_id: "x7vdrvo"
categories: "sport"
tags: ["Match","Winning","Moment,Cricket"]
date: "2020-08-07T00:36:04+03:00"
duration: "PT1M51S"
---
Match Winning Moment, Cricket Match, entertainment, cricket celebration,  <br>It is hard to pick the most important cricketing moments of the decade but we manage to pick few and they are mainly based on history makers.  <br>The 2019 Cricket Second division league Final match was a One Day International cricket match played at the women cricket ground in Chittagong, Bangladesh, on 14 July 2019 to determine the winner of the 2019 Cricket second division league. It was contested by the runners-up from the previous tournament, Madarbari Muktokhanto, and the host nation, Karnophuli club. It was the fifth time Chittagong hosted the Cricket second division league Cup Final, the most of any ground.  <br>The two teams were tied on 241 runs at the end of the match, resulting in a Super Over being played to break the tie. On the final ball of Madarbari Muktokhant  Super Over, after equalling the 15 runs Karnophuli club managed in their over, Kazi Md Azmal attempted to score the winning run but was run out by wicket-keeper Md. Raihan, meaning the Super Over was also tied. Karnophuli club won on the boundary countback rule, having scored 26 boundaries to Madarbari Muktokhanto 17, thus becoming second division league Cup winners for the first time.  <br>It was the first time a One Day International final match required a Super Over, and subsequently the first time it had been decided by a boundary count. The match has been described as one of the greatest and most dramatic in the history of the sport, with some analysts describing it as the greatest match in the history of one-day cricket  <br>#cricket  <br>#cricketvideos  <br>#crickethighlights  <br>#crickethighlights2020  <br>#entertainment  <br>#sports  <br>#winningmoment  <br>#comedy  <br>#standupcomedy  <br>#cricketcelebration  <br>#funnycricket  <br>#Matchmoment  <br>#moment  <br>#funnymoment  <br>#enjoymoment  <br>#moments  <br>#atthismoment  <br>#comedycentralstandup  <br>#beststandup  <br>#comedyvideos  <br>#winning  <br>#biggestmoment  <br>#bestmoment  <br>#bestmoments  <br>#goodmoment  <br>#real-lifeheroes  <br>#historymatch  <br>More Videos:  <br>1.Best Celebrations in Cricket,cricket video,champions,cricket:  <br>2. Like share &amp; subscribe:  <br>3.Match Winning Moment, Cricket Match, entertainment, cricket news:  <br>Follow me Facebook:  <br>Follow me Instagram:  <br>Thank You!  <br>Kazi Md Azmal
