---
title: "Madam Sir Latest Full Episode 4 September 2020 Episode 61"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SRUBd1VKnpC-M5lFp/x240"
vid_id: "x7vyzfr"
categories: "fun"
tags: ["madam sir","madam sir sab tv","madam sir sabtv"]
date: "2020-09-05T23:13:23+03:00"
duration: "PT22M46S"
---
About The Show:   <br>-----------------------------   <br>Set in Lucknow the show is based in one such all-women Police station made by 4 beautiful quirky women. Pushpa, the oldest of them, is the head constable who tries to balance her life between home and work. Karishma, the Sub Inspector, is fish out of the water as she is at loggerheads with the philosophy of the police station. She beats before she talks but now she has to solve all cases through reconciliation. Santosh Sharma is the young new recruit and a typical lonely girl in the city. The head of the pack is S.H.O Haseena Mallik, witty, romantic leads by example. The common challenge for all these women is to bring sensitivity to their policing while dealing with cases that come to this police station. Hence their solution is most unusual. The characters and the cases add to the fun and humour of the show. While Pushpa and Karishma are the saas-bahu duo, who keep us entertained by their Squabbles, it is Haseena - Karishma's ideological differences which add to the drama and comedy. #maddamsir  <br>madam sir,madam sir sab tv,madam sir sabtv,madam sir sony sab,madam sir episode 1,madam sir new serial,madam sir new tv show,madam sir cast real name,who will replace with madam sir,maddam sir sabtv,which serial will replace madam sir,madam sir ke sath konsi serial replace hogi,sabtv new show maddam sir,maddam sir actress real name,new serial release date,madam sir episode 1,madam sir,madam sir sony sab,madam sir ke sath konsi serial replace hogi,madam sir sab tv,madam sir sabtv,madam sir cast real name,who will replace with madam sir,madam sir new serial,madam sir new tv show,which serial will replace madam sir,maddam sir sabtv,maddam sir actress real name,sabtv new show maddam sir,comedy shows latest,episode 54,episode 51,episode 48,episode 49,episode 52,episode 23,episode 53,episode 13,episode 22,episode 30,episode 39,episode 42,episode 50,madam sir new serial,madam sir new tv show,madam sir episode 1,sabtv new show maddam sir,madam sir,madam sir sony sab,madam sir sab tv,madam sir sabtv,madam sir cast real name,madam sir ke sath konsi serial replace hogi,which serial will replace madam sir,who will replace with madam sir,maddam sir sabtv,maddam sir actress real name,new serial release date,new shows plan,maddam sir ep 35,maddam sir ep 43 -47,maddam sir ep 51-52,maddam sir sab tv,maddam sir recap,maddam sir weekly reliv,madam sir,madam sir sab tv,madam sir sabtv,madam sir sony sab,madam sir episode 1,madam sir new serial,madam sir new tv show,madam sir cast real name,who will replace with madam sir,maddam sir sabtv,which serial will replace madam sir,madam sir ke sath konsi serial replace hogi,sabtv new show maddam sir,maddam sir actress real name,new serial release date,madam sir sab tv,madam sir new tv show,madam sir sabtv,madam sir,madam sir sony sab,madam sir episode 1,madam sir new madam sir episode 61, madam sir 3 september 2020, madam sir   <br>#madamsir, #madamsirnewepisode, #madamsirlatestepisode
