---
title: "Dune 2020 Trailer Date, Chadwick Boseman's Legacy, Ant Man 3. KinoCheck News"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SSDFJ1VMWoEZdg0aP/x240"
vid_id: "x7w345v"
categories: "shortfilms"
tags: ["Movie Trailer","Game","Game Trail"]
date: "2020-09-11T10:19:02+03:00"
duration: "PT5M24S"
---
<br>This time in the #KinoCheckNews &quot;Chadwick Boseman&quot;, &quot;Fresh Prince of Bel Air&quot; etc.| Subscribe ➤  | 2020 Movie Show | More   <br>00:00 Dune  <br>&quot;Dune&quot; is probably one of the few Hollywood productions that will probably be released in the cinemas this year. But before we can finally expect a trailer for &quot;Dune&quot; on September 9th, we have to be content with the newly released photos. The magazine Empire offers in its September issue five scene pictures and three potential magazine covers of the science fiction blockbuster. The perhaps most interesting cover shows us a first look of the giant sand worms that colonize the planet...  <br>01:21 Ant Man 3 - Black Adam - Dr Strange  <br>This week we have some news about Marvel and DC superhero movies.First of all there is &quot;Ant-Man 3&quot;. In a conversation with SiriusXM director Peyton Reed teased that the third &quot;Ant-Man&quot; part would be much bigger than its two predecessors. Of course Reed couldn't or didn't want to go into too much detail, but he is supposed to have a completely different template than in the first movies. Not so surprisingly, since &quot;Rick And Morty&quot; producer Jeff Loveness was hired to write the screenplay...  <br>03:19 Fresh Prince of Bel Air  <br>&quot;Fresh Prince of Bel Air&quot; is probably one of the most cult 90s sitcoms ever. After the last official episode was released in 1996, Variety reports that a small reunion of the stars around Will Smith is about to happen. Just in time for the series' thirtieth anniversary, Warner's US streaming service HBO Max is now recording a special, similar to the new edition of &quot;Friends&quot;, about the content of which almost nothing is known yet. If you believe Variety, at least the most famous stars of the sitcom are returning...  <br>03:51 Chadwick Boseman  <br>Completely unexpectedly the 43-year-old Chadwick Boseman died last week of a colon cancer illness which was unknown among fans. The King T'Challa actor leaves a great legacy in Hollywood, especially because of his legendary acting skills, since even in the middle of the treatment phase of his disease, the actor did not shy away from continuing to stand in front of the camera. Boseman celebrated his breakthrough in his role as baseball legend Jackie Robinson in the film &quot;42&quot; ...  <br>Note | News with courtesy of all involved publishers. | All Rights Reserved. | #KinoCheck®  <br>
