---
title: "What Is Happening In Belarus, And What Is The Anti-Cockroach Revolution ?"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SPhRH1VFv6IQnF6cD/x240"
vid_id: "x7vowr5"
categories: "news"
tags: ["news6usa","talk right network","abc_xyz_1357_trn"]
date: "2020-08-23T10:49:03+03:00"
duration: "PT3M57S"
---
What Is Happening In #Belarus, And What Is The Anti-Cockroach Revolution ?  <br>====================================================================  <br>Talk Right Network is an initiative to cover global events with contributors around the globe.   <br>Currently we have association with article and video contributors from United States, United Kingdom, Chile, Holland and Germany with the editing team that sits in India.   <br>If you want to join our team as a contributor, Please get in touch with us here : talkrightnetwork@gmail.com   <br>PS: Our content is always based on research and backed by logic, Whether its politics, health, science or technology, We dont promote anything based on individual bias. We are also very sensitive on opinions made on the actions of any individual or any organization that leads to unwanted promotion or hate. A better perspective on the subject matter is the voice that need be heard. The Reason why we are &quot;Talk Right&quot;   <br>--------------------------------  <br>Transcript  <br>--------------------------------  <br>The visuals are from Belarus and the #protest is The Anti-Cockroach Revolution.   <br>The 2020 Belarusian protests also nicknamed the Slipper Revolution are a series of ongoing political demonstrations against the Belarusian government and its president Alexander #Lukashenko.   <br>The protest sparked after Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko — Europe’s longest-serving leader — plainly rigged national elections to remain in power.   <br>Sunday marked the eighth day of protests across the country, a striking burst of energy against a repressive government that has resulted in thousands of Belarusians being detained and at least two deaths.  <br>On Sunday the anti-government protesters formed a crowd that was several times the size of a pro-government rally held nearby where Lukashenko delivered a speech, rejecting demands for new elections, and falsely claiming that Belarus was being threatened by a NATO buildup of troops on its borders.  <br>The Sunday protests were notable not only due to their size, but also because they appeared to be unusually free from crackdowns.  <br>According to news reports Lukashenko intervened aggressively in the elections: He detained journalists and two of the top three opposition leaders running against him; he prohibited the third one from running altogether.  <br>Lukashenko’s authoritarian handling of the election while the nation also faced serious economic and public health crises seems to have backfired, helping to ignite the protests.  <br>The dramatic entry of Svetlana Tikhanovskaya to the main stream politics has also propelled the protest.   <br>Svetlana, who stepped into the race after her husband, a popular blogger, was arrested two days after he announced his candidacy for president, had to flee out of safety concern.   <br>According to CNN- In a video message filmed in front of a blank white wall in Lithuania, Svetlana said: &quot;I am ready to assume the responsibility and act as a national leader in order for the country to calm down and enter...
