---
title: "BREAKING NEWS Andrew Eborn - RJ GIBB - THE TRUTH"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SK5d-1V09KKtqg2UJ/x240"
vid_id: "x7uthxa"
categories: "fun"
tags: ["Fake News","RJ Gibb","Conspiracy theories"]
date: "2020-07-07T21:36:31+03:00"
---
BREAKING NEWS Andrew Eborn - RJ GIBB - THE TRUTH  <br>We are drowning in a sea of information – 99.9% of which is rubbish. Anyone, anywhere and at any time can be a self-professed expert. There is evidence to support any view – however outrageous.  <br>The news is dominated by soundbites from those Sultans of Spin.  <br>In this post-truth age it has never been more important to have evidenced-based journalism.   <br>As Jimmy Wales, the co-founder of Wikipedia, pointed out &quot;The news is broken and we can fix it&quot;  <br>QUESTION EVERYTHING   <br>REALISE REAL LIES  <br>Jaw Jaw Not War War  <br>More Light Less Heat   <br>If you would like to be involved write to Guests@OctopusTV.com  <br>Andrew Eborn is conducting exclusive video interviews with great guests from Australia to Zambia  <br>- from all walks of life including major public figures and celebrities, legends of sports, music, film theatre, titans of industry as well as everyday heroes  <br>- Afternoon tease - puzzles &amp; brain teasers  <br>- Pets on Parade  <br>Andrew Eborn &quot;The Joe Wicks of the Mind &amp; Mental Health&quot;  <br>Andrew Eborn, President of Octopus TV &amp; Knot The Truth, is a renowned international lawyer, producer, strategist, futurist, brand adviser, broadcaster, mentalist, magician &amp; inspirational speaker. For many years Andrew Eborn has empowered companies to face the challenges of changing markets, maximise the return on their rights as well as assisting with the strategic development of their businesses.  <br>UKTI Rob Walker &quot; Andrew Eborn is an inspirational ambassador for the technology, media and sport sectors and a powerful advocate for British business&quot;  <br>“Magical “ Sir David Frost&quot;  <br>Andrew Eborn is a very talented interviewer. Andrew is a barrister , magician a true showman &amp; President of Octopus Television, London. When Andrew interviews his subject he makes them feel extremely relaxed &amp; a joy to work with.&quot; Linda Rifkind  <br>Andrew Eborn is “an extraordinary interviewer” James Fortune, Hollywood Director“Brilliant” The Magic Circular  <br>Paul Gordon &quot;Andrew Eborn has now interviewed me twice. He's very good at it too because he asks tough questions without being tough and - like Sir Michael Parkinson - he asks questions the viewer would like to ask.&quot;  <br>&quot; If it wasn’t for Andrew Eborn I would not have had the power to do what I am doing. ,,,, So thank you for the opportunity and trying this stuff.&quot; Charmaine  <br>&quot;I like your interview style. It’s buzzy, prepared and strong. You do it very well&quot;  <br>&quot;Brilliant and buzzing&quot; Ed Hood  <br>&quot; Easily one of the best interviews I've ever had &quot; - Andy Kyriacou, Moderm Romance  <br>Elizabeth Evangelista  &quot;Andrew Eborn is a bloody natural !&quot;   <br>&quot;Andrew Eborn is  electric, magnetic, and his intelligence in the music business and on the history of London is just mind-boggling !&quot;  <br>&quot;Andrew Eborn is not only educating me ~ but entertaining me also ! ~ Andrew is priceless !  <br>Lazar Vukovic &quot; Andrew Eborn -  A man born to entertain&quot;  <br>Follow @AndrewEborn @OctopusTV  <br>© Octopus TV Ltd 2020.  <br>
