---
title: "Mera Dil Mera Dushman Episode 43 [Subtitle Eng] - 6th August 2020 - ARY Digital Drama"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SNOSL1VAakPC26Cz0/x240"
vid_id: "x7vc07p"
categories: "fun"
tags: ["ary","ary digital","ary drama"]
date: "2020-08-06T00:32:04+03:00"
duration: "PT35M45S"
---
Watch Mera Dil Mera Dushman Episode 44 - Teaser-  here :   <br>For Mobile App:   <br>Subscribe:   <br>‘Mera Dil Mera Dushman’ Is The Battle Of Love And Wealth  <br>#MeraDilMeraDushman is a story of a young innocent girl Mairah, who gets married to a much older man Zafar for the exchange of money. Unfortunately, she comes face to face with the bitter reality that her one and only love Shameer is now her son-in-law. Hence, towards the end, Mairah’s step daughter Ayesha consolidates the relationship between Mairah and Zafar.  <br>Alizey Shah as Mairah is a young and beautiful girl, who finds herself at odds as her parents get her married to an older man.  <br>Yasir Nawaz as Zafar is a middle-aged arrogant man, who marries a young girl using his money.  <br>Related: ARY Digital all set to roll-out three spectacular dramas  <br>Noman Sami as Shameer loves Mairah but is not financially strong enough to win Mairah’s hand.  <br>But Life has its own balance; Zafar’s son-in-law is love interest of his wife.  <br>Anum Tanveer as Shaeena and Naveed Raza as Javed are Mariah’s Brother &amp; Sister-in-Law.  <br>Zafar’s younger brother and his wife are opportunists who rely on his money.  <br>Mairah is left with no option but to adjust with Zafar and her stepchildren. She struggles to keep everyone happy but faces rude reactions which make her life difficult.  <br>Directed By: Ali Raza (Usama)  <br>Written By: Mirza Asim Baig  <br>Cast:  <br>Yasir Nawaz  <br>#AlizeyShah  <br>Noman Sami  <br>Laiba Khan  <br>Amna Malik  <br>Salman Saeed  <br>Shazia Gohar  <br>Anam Tanveer  <br>Naveed Raza  <br>Akbar Islam  <br>Gul E Rana  <br>Fareeda Shabir  <br>Fatima Sohail  <br>Saba Shah  <br>Malik Raza  <br>Asiya Irshad  <br>Official Facebook:   <br>Official Twitter:   <br>Official Instagram:   <br>Website :   <br>Watch ARY DIGITAL LIVE:     <br>ARY DIGITAL Blogs :   <br>Dramas Schedule:   <br>Drama Reviews :   <br>Drama OSTs :   <br>Behind The Scenes :   <br>#ARYDigital  <br>ARY Digital Official YouTube Channel, For more video subscribe our channel and for suggestion please use the comment section.
