---
title: "HUGE Heat With WWE Production Team! WWE PULLS SummerSlam! WrestleTalk News"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SMUgr1V6ls8lhhw9m/x240"
vid_id: "x7v6xmd"
categories: "sport"
tags: ["Production","Team!","PULLS"]
date: "2020-07-29T00:39:04+03:00"
duration: "PT11M20S"
---
What would you like to see Adam Cole do in NXT? Let me know in the comments...  <br>0:00 - Top WWE Star Storms Out Of Interview  <br>2:45 - Huge Heat With WWE Production Team  <br>3:46 - WWE Pulls SummerSlam From Boston  <br>4:28 - MVP Negotiating Long-Term Deal With WWE  <br>6:16 - AEW vs NXT Ratings  <br>6:47 - Jim Ross Shoots On AEW vs NXT  <br>7:21 - Tony Khan On Why Sammy Guevara Was Brought Back To AEW  <br>8:10 - Backstage Plans For Deadly Draw  <br>8:54 - Darby Allin Injured After Dynamite  <br>9:46 - More Injuries From Dynamite  <br>10:12 - WrestleTalk Interviews With FTR  <br>HUGE Heat With WWE Production Team! WWE PULLS SummerSlam! | WrestleTalk News  <br>Watch us on partsFUNknown!   <br>Buy WrestleTalk Merch here!    <br>Subscribe:  | Make sure to enable ALL push notifications!  <br>Watch the latest wrestling news:     <br>HUGE Heat With WWE Production Team! WWE PULLS SummerSlam and more...  <br>Follow WrestleTalk:  <br>Facebook:   <br>Twitter:   <br>Discord:   <br>Watch More WrestleTalk:  <br>WrestleTalk News:    <br>WWE Reviews (Raw, Smackdown &amp; PPVs):    <br>WrestleRamble:    <br>Listen to WrestleTalk's PODCAST on iTunes:   <br>Support WrestleTalk on Patreon:   <br>Get NEWS &amp; UPDATES on WrestleTalk.com:   <br>WrestleTalk Spotify Discover Playlist:   <br>WrestleTalk Office Spotify playlist:   <br>About WrestleTalk:  <br>Welcome to the official WrestleTalk YouTube channel! WrestleTalk covers the sport of professional wrestling - including WWE TV shows (both WWE Raw &amp; WWE SmackDown LIVE), PPVs (such as Royal Rumble, WrestleMania &amp; SummerSlam), Impact Wrestling, ROH, New Japan, and more. Subscribe and enable ALL notifications for the latest wrestling WWE highlights, wrestling news, WWE 2K19 updates, and wrestlers exposed.  <br>Sources used for research:  <br>Top WWE Star Storms Out Of Interview  <br>Kevin Dunn Not Happy With WWE Production Team  <br>WWE Pulls SummerSlam  <br>MVP Negotiating Long-Term Deal With WWE  <br>AJ Styles On Flat Earth Theories  <br>AEW vs
