---
title: "The Politics of the Supreme Court"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SKZ_M1V1gKbz_1ZX4/x240"
vid_id: "x7uw5w6"
categories: "news"
tags: ["Anthony Kennedy","Neil Gorsuch","Obamacare"]
date: "2020-07-09T09:35:13+03:00"
duration: "PT1M42S"
---
<br>In 2016, Republicans and  <br>Democrats were not only  <br>battling for the presidency,  <br>a spot on the Supreme Court was also on the line.  <br>Troy Slaten  <br>&quot;The Supreme Court picks that a  <br>President makes can have long  <br>lasting implications.&quot;   <br>The court has always touted. It's  <br>apolitical nature. However,  <br>justices are selected because  <br>of their conservative or liberal record.   <br>Troy Slaten  <br>&quot;Trump's Supreme Court picks have  <br>solidified a conservative  <br>majority for possibly the  <br>next generation or so.&quot;  <br>00:27.250 --&gt; 00:31.650  <br>However, recent rulings have put  <br>that conservative certainty into question.  <br>Chief Justice Roberts, siding  <br>with more liberal justices to  <br>rule against Louisiana's  <br>abortion law. And in a 6-3  <br>decision, the court ruling  <br>LGBTQ+ people are protected  <br>from discrimination, with  <br>Justice Gorsuch even writing  <br>the opinion. President Trump  <br>was not happy with the  <br>decision. Rulings on the  <br>president's own taxes, birth  <br>control and Obamacare  <br>exceptions and religious  <br>schools are expected this  <br>month.   <br>Matt Klink   <br>It is not about politics, it's about the law  <br>and the interpretation of the law.&quot;  <br>This isn't the first  <br>time a sitting president has  <br>been surprised by his  <br>appointees. Justice Sandra Day O'Connor  <br>was nominated to  <br>the court by President Reagan  <br>and then upheld rulings for  <br>abortion rights. Now, many  <br>court experts say Roberts is  <br>shifting into the traditional  <br>swing vote role, famously held  <br>for so long by retired Justice Kennedy.  <br>Matt Klink  <br>&quot;Conservative judges and justices that are  <br>confirmed don't always vote conservatively, and the same   <br>holds with liberals. And, that's   <br>what makes the Supreme  <br>Court such a fantastic  <br>institution.&quot;   <br>With talk of Justice Thomas retiring and  <br>Justices: Ginsberg and Bryer  <br>aging, the balance of the  <br>Supreme Court is again in the  <br>hands of a presidential election.  <br>In 2016, Republicans and  <br>Democrats were not only  <br>battling for the presidency,  <br>a spot on the Supreme Court was also on the line.  <br>Troy Slaten  <br>&quot;The Supreme Court picks that a  <br>President makes can have long  <br>lasting implications.&quot;   <br>The court has always touted. It's  <br>apolitical nature. However,  <br>justices are selected because  <br>of their conservative or liberal record.   <br>Troy Slaten  <br>&quot;Trump's Supreme Court picks have  <br>solidified a conservative  <br>majority for possibly the  <br>next generation or so.&quot;  <br>00:27.250 --&gt; 00:31.650  <br>However, recent rulings have put  <br>that conservative certainty into question.  <br>Chief Justice Roberts, siding  <br>with more liberal justices to  <br>rule against Louisiana's  <br>abortion law. And in a 6-3  <br>decision, the court ruling  <br>LGBTQ+ people are protected  <br>from discrimination, with  <br>Justice Gorsuch even writing  <br>the opinion. President Trump  <br>was not happy with the  <br>decision. Rulings on the  <br>president's own taxes, birth  <br>control and Obamacare  <br>exceptions and religious  <br>schools are expected this  <br>month.   <br>Matt Klink   <br>It is not about politics, it's about the law  <br>and the interpretation of the law.&quot;  <br>This isn't the first  <br>time a sitting president has  <br>been surprised by his  <br>appointees. Justice Sandra Day O'Connor  <br>was nominated to  <br>the court by President Reagan  <br>and then upheld rulings for  <br>abortion rights. Now, many  <br>court experts say Roberts is  <br>shifting into the traditional  <br>swing vote role, famously held  <br>for so long by retired Justice Kennedy.  <br>Matt Klink  <br>&quot;Conservative judges and justices that are  <br>confirmed don't always vote conservatively, and the same   <br>holds with liberals. And, that's   <br>what makes the Supreme  <br>Court such a fantastic  <br>institution.&quot;   <br>With talk of Justice Thomas retiring and  <br>Justices: Ginsberg and Bryer  <br>aging, the balance of the  <br>Supreme Court is again in the  <br>hands of a presidential election.  <br>
