---
title: "Messy mango eating competition"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SKg5b1V2JLGMyZ_Z7/x240"
vid_id: "x7uwp5x"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Messy","mango","eating"]
date: "2020-07-13T14:55:13+03:00"
duration: "PT56S"
---
Mango Eating competitions are held during the Mango Festival in New Delhi each July. The festival is held in the month of July every year in the capital, usually at the Talkatora stadium in Delhi and is hosted by the Delhi Tourism Board in collaboration with the Delhi Government. The highlights of the festival include Mango Quiz, Mango eating competition, sale of fresh mangoes and processed fruits like pickles, chutney, mango pulp, juice, jelly, aam papad, jam and aam panna.You can binge on the fruit for free, can buy a small mango tree or or can also buy wide varieties of mango in the festival. This festival also marks the advent of mangoes and presents one with as many as almost 500 varieties of the king of fruits. So, you can imagine yourself with sticky fingers, relishing one of the tastiest and most delicious fruits.Mangoes from different states of the country, like Bihar, Uttar Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh, Punjab and Haryana, can be seen sharing the limelight at the International Mango Festival. A number of competitions are also held at the festival between the participating mango growersPopular Varieties of Mangoes Showcased at the Festival are Alphonso, Mallika, Amrapali, Himsagar, Malda, Balia, Chorasya, Dhaman, Dhoon, Fazia, Gelchia, Nigarin Kheria, Ruchika and Shamasi.Activities in the festival include cultural programmes and recreational events like a mango eating competition for women,mango slogan writing,magic show and quiz about mangoes. This footage is part of the professionally-shot stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of imagery from South Asia. The Wilderness Films India collection comprises of thousands of hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on HDCAM 1080i High Definition, HDV and Digital Betacam. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... rupindang [at] gmail [dot] com and admin@wildfilmsindia.com.
