---
title: "Am I the only vegetarian left? Even this goat eats meat!"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SSQc51VNRrvk0GUaG/x240"
vid_id: "x7w4adh"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["vegetarian","left?","meat!"]
date: "2020-09-15T11:41:05+03:00"
duration: "PT1M54S"
---
Fedup of being vegetarian now goat wants to eat fish. An unusual or stranger thing you have never seen or come across. A goat eating fish captured on camera. Or is it a fish-eating goat? No hang on! A goat eating fish? OK, either way - whatever! Now that is a tough existential question, indeed, compounded all the more by the fact that the goat is a member of the Bovidae family and is closely related to the sheep. It is thus most unusual to see a goat which is essentially herbivorous in nature eating fish, making it entirely non-vegetarian, almost to the exclusion of any vegetarian food! Viewer Larry Phischman rationalizes this thus: &quot;Basically all herbivores are also opportunistic carnivores. They eat meat whenever they can catch or scavenge it. Eating vegetable matter evolved long after eating other animals, and have severe evolutionary trade offs. Plants grow almost everywhere and can't escape, so they require very little intelligence and effort to eat. But most of their nutrients are bound up in cellulose molecules, which are extremely difficult to break down. This makes eating plants extremely inefficient. Herbivores have to eat constantly, and most evolved complex digestive systems which use almost as much calories breaking down food as they extract from the food. Eating meat is just more efficient.&quot; This footage is part of the professionally-shot broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of HD imagery from South Asia. The Wilderness Films India collection comprises of 50, 000+ hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on HDCAM / SR 1080i High Definition, Alexa, SR, XDCAM and 4K. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewing and production solutions across South Asia. We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... Please subscribe to our channel wildfilmsindia on Youtube for a steady stream of videos from across India. Also, visit and enjoy your journey across India at www.clipahoy.com , India's first video-based social networking experience! Reach us at rupindang @ gmail . com and admin@wildfilmsindia.com
