---
title: "15 Top Tourist Places in Bhutan - 2020"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SQRG91VISrX2zUJ2d/x240"
vid_id: "x7vt3wp"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Tourist","Places","Bhutan"]
date: "2020-08-31T09:02:04+03:00"
duration: "PT2M28S"
---
Best tourist places to visit in Bhutan :   <br>1.   Rinpung Dzong - A hamlet town full of monasteries with serenity of Buddhism is located right in the heart of Bhutan. The place is perfect for your sightseeing in Bhutan  <br>2.  Punakha suspension bridge - This longest suspension bridge of Bhutan is one of the oldest suspension bridges in the world, Punakha Suspension Bridge in Bhutan was believed to be built by the Buddhist Monk, Thangtong Gyalp.  <br>3.  Phobjikha Valley - A valley in the shape of a bowl at 3000 mts. is one of the best places to visit in Bhutan. The valley is also known as Gangteng Valley.  <br>4.  Drukgyel Dzong - Ruins of the greatest monastery ever will take you centuries back while you get enchanted by the pure serenity surrounding this place.  <br>5.  Chomolhari - An enchanting reward for trekkers. Hike for a few hours and you will reach this magnificent place.   <br>6. National Museum of Bhutan - Established in the year 1968, the National Museum of Bhutan in Ta Dzong at Paro is home to more than 3000 masterpieces and artworks..  <br>7.  Tiger's Nest - A place for Buddha's meditation.Tiger's Nest is the most popular and best place to see in Bhutan. A half day trek will take you to this very famous spot where Buddha himself sat for years and meditated.   <br>8.  Tashichho Dzong - Largest landmark of Thimphu that stands tall two kilometers away from the main town. It is the main secretariat building which houses the offices of the King and the throne room  <br>9.  Motithang Takin Preserve - This national reserve is the home to the national animal of Bhutan.  <br>10.  Zuri Dzong - One of the oldest built forts, this ancient fortress dates back to 1352 and is home to the valley's local protector. This is among the best places to visit in Bhutan.  <br>11.  Haa valley -  This obscurely beautiful valley will give you numerous options to backpack. All you have to do is pack your bags and explore this lush green valley and try traditional Balaneese cuisine.  <br>12. Buddha Dordenma Statue - Do visit this 169 ft tall statue of Lord Buddha, as it will leave you speechless.  <br>13.  Chele La Pass - this pass is home to Jomolhari Mountain at 13000 ft. Take your ride over this pass to get mesmerised by the breathtaking views.   <br>14.  Dochula Pass - Can you imagine a high altitude mountain pass with 108 Chortens and Stupas? Dochu La most definitely offers this, so do not miss this magnificent mountain pass on your list as it offers perfect sightseeing tour of Bhutan   <br>15.  Simply Bhutan - Visit this fantastic museum to witness the true bhutanese culture and get immersed in the vibrant feel of this place. The ticket to museum won’t burn a hole in your pocket either.  <br>Thanks for watching!
