---
title: "Saath Nibhana Sathiya Kokila Ben vows to save her family \u0915\u094b\u0915\u093f\u0932\u093e \u0917\u094c\u0930\u093e \u0938\u0947 \u0905\u092a\u0928\u0947 \u092a\u0930\u093f\u0935\u093e\u0930 \u0915\u094b \u0915\u0948\u0938\u0947 \u092c\u091a\u093e\u090f\u0917\u0940"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SRSUy1VLWZHxE6oA4/x240"
vid_id: "x7vyu2k"
categories: "fun"
tags: ["Saath Nibhana Sathiya","gopi","kokila"]
date: "2020-09-09T14:43:05+03:00"
duration: "PT1M28S"
---
Saath Nibhaana Saathiya is a Hindi-language Indian television drama series, The show premiered on 3 May 2010 on Star Plus The drama is set in Rajkot and filmed in Mumbai.  <br>The series revolves around the Modi family, who live in a mansion in Rajkot. It explores morals and values of a typical Gujarati joint family, when cousins Gopi and Rashi marry two Modi sons, Ahem and Jigar.  <br>he story starts with 2 female cousins Gopi Kapadia and Rashi Shah. Gopi is raised by her maternal uncle Jeetu Shah and aunt Urmila i.e. Rashi's parents since the death of her parents. She is illiterate, naive, kind and shy. Rashi is educated, self-confident, vivacious and cunning by nature.  <br>Rashi resents Gopi for the latter's kindness and good nature which everybody loves. She treats her as a slave and humiliate her on a daily basis. Rich and strict, Kokila Modi chooses Gopi to marry her son Ahem, the hard-working CEO of Modi Corporation Ltd.  <br>Despite having a girlfriend Anita, Ahem marries Gopi on Kokila's wish. Rashi marries his fun-loving and warm-hearted paternal cousin Jigar through deception. Ahem who hates Gopi believes her to be a gold-digger as she knew his relationship with Anita.  <br>Gradually, Kokila transforms Gopi into confident and smarter so that she is accepted by Aham, who and Gopi get closer to each other and their love blossoms. Urmila and Rashi create difficulties for Gopi. Later both cousins are happily accepted into their family.  <br>Gopi gives birth to Meera. Rashi delivers twin-boys Sahir and Samar. Gopi finds her long-lost alive parents. Her younger pampered and selfish sister Radha falls in love with Anita's brother Umang who vows to avenge the Modi family for Anita's bitterness.  <br>Umang marries Radha despite being already married to his accomplice Tripti who kills him out of jealousy. Holding Gopi responsible for Umang's demise, Radha drops Meera in a river who is presumed dead. Gopi is blamed for the incident and gets thrown out of the Modi Mansion.  <br>8 years later  <br>Gopi is raising her second daughter Vidya single-handedly. Kokila and Ahem are in depression. Rashi is the new matriarch of Modi family. Eventually, Gopi finds out Meera never died, but grew up as an orphan and retrieves her. The whole family is reunited.  <br>Radha's true colours are revealed and she is sent to jail. Later, Rashi sacrifices her life to save Gopi from the latter's obsessed colleague Anurag Joshi, who was in love with her. Urmila gets Jigar engaged and later married to her brother Jai Mehta's daughter Paridhi. Radha returns, tricking Jigar into sleeping with her and gets pregnant.
