---
title: "Faguli Festival - spring-time in Himachal Pradesh"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SPmoL1VGU2bGUcgNs/x240"
vid_id: "x7vpdp1"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Faguli","Festival","spring-time"]
date: "2020-08-23T18:04:04+03:00"
duration: "PT19M21S"
---
The wildfilmsindia team 'discovered' this new festival to share with the world - see the Best of India from Himachal! Aromatic incense, holy fires, temple bells, savoury delights, fun time with family and friends, all the love and bonding. Each element, an inseparable part of festivals, a boon in life… There is however one festival that in addition to all these elements, also exhibits an extra tinge of obscenity. The obscenity being mentioned is not about nudity but rather an extensive use of the lowest levels of lewd language, sexual innuendos and teasing womenfolk. According to religious standards, this festival would be considered vile. The said festival however is deeply entrenched in religion and culture. It originates from Lord Krishna’s battle with demons, signifying the victory of good over evil. But where does the use of profanities fit in the battle against evil? Above all, the villagers, including the womenfolk feel more humored than offended by the teasing. It is an old ritual to them. The inhabitants of this pristine valley in India’s Himalayan state of Himachal Pradesh have elaborate explanations for this weird ritual. Yes, we are talking about the Faguli Festival, celebrated in Himachal Pradesh, in North India. It is celebrated every year in honour of Lord Vishnu known here as Lakshminarayana. It is held during the Hindu calendar month of Fagun, hence, the name Faguli. The main ceremonies are held at two villages Tandigaon and Bhallagaon during alternate years. This year Bhalla Gaon is the prime venue. This footage is part of the broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of HD imagery from South Asia. The collection comprises of 150, 000+ hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on 4K, 200 fps slow motion, Full HD, HDCAM 1080i High Definition, Alexa and XDCAM. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewing and production solutions across South Asia. We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... Please subscribe to our channel wildfilmsindia on Youtube www.youtube.com/wildfilmsindia for a steady stream of videos from across India. Also, visit and enjoy your journey across India at www.clipahoy.com , India's first video-based social networking experience. Reach us at rupindang [at] gmail [dot] com and admin@wildfilmsindia.com To SUBSCRIBE click the below link: www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WildFilmsIndia Like &amp; Follow Us on: Facebook: www.facebook.com/WildernessFilmsIndiaLimited Website: www.wildfilmsindia.com  <br>
