---
title: "Family horrified to find pieces of their sushi glowing fluorescent blue"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SNDAP1V8xH0te_Zg-/x240"
vid_id: "x7vb0k9"
categories: "news"
tags: ["weather","time","family"]
date: "2020-08-03T18:23:05+03:00"
duration: "PT1M45S"
---
This is the stomach churning moment a family took sushi home for dinner - only to find it was GLOWING fluorescent blue.  <br>Arun Yolpaiboon, 58, went to a shopping mall in Nonthaburi, central Thailand, where she bought three boxes of the raw fish and rice on July 28.  <br>However, as the businesswoman drove home she noticed that two boxes contained bright blue glowing shrimps.  <br>Arun's son Natthanai Kanchanawasa, 21, decided to boil one of the shrimps and tasted it despite his mother ordering him to leave them untouched.  <br>He said that since trying the toxic snack, he has not suffered any illness but the glowing meal still frightened the family.  <br>He said: &quot;It was strange to see a glowing shrimp like this since we like to eat the sushi regularly. We could have eaten it without realising had it not changed colour.  <br>&quot;Luckily, I have not had any strange symptoms after eating it but perhaps it was because it was boiled.&quot;    <br>The associate professor of biology at Chulalongkorn University PhD Jessada Denduangboripant explained that the shrimp could have been glowing as it had not been stored at a low enough temperature, which allowed it to be  contaminated with fluorescent bacteria.     <br>He said: &quot;Normally, the seafood can be contaminated with fluorescent bacteria but they are eradicated by heat in the cooking process.  <br>&quot;But in sushi the seafoods are mostly uncooked so they should be kept in very low temperatures to limit the bacteria numbers.  <br>&quot;I believe the shrimps on the sushi might not have been kept under a sufficiently low temperature which caused the amount of bacteria to increase.&quot;  <br>The professor added that the consumer should not eat any pieces of glowing sushi due to the potential infection.  <br>He said: &quot;There are various possible bacteria on the shrimp and it needs to be examined before it is safe to consume otherwise the consumer might suffer from food poisoning.&quot;   <br>Arun, a businesswoman, said she would be more careful choosing the sushi from now on.   <br>She added: &quot;This is a surprise lesson for me and it will affect my decision next time when I'm choosing what food to buy.  <br>&quot;I think I have to be more careful or I could suffer from digestion infections or food poisoning.''
