---
title: "See how an Indian sadhu presses weed and makes his 'Chillum'"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SNOQl1V9u7GsOU3RQ/x240"
vid_id: "x7vc04v"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Indian","sadhu","presses"]
date: "2020-08-06T03:29:03+03:00"
duration: "PT3M19S"
---
An Indian sadhu/saint prepares a 'chillum' for himself in Assam, India. The chillum is said to have originated in India, although some were found in South America too. Therefore the exact origin of the chillum is unclear. Traditionally, this item has been used in a spiritual context. The Indian Sadhu's (holy men) have been using chillums for thousands of years, and the spiritual meaning of this is comparable to the drinking of red wine by Catholics. The chillum probably pre dates the introduction of substances such as tambakhu to India and was used for various other substances too. But chillum usage has always been an exclusively male practice, limited to the northern states and predominantly in rural areas of India. Often one chillum is shared by a group. In India they are made locally, are inexpensive and easily available.The chillum was first introduced in Europe and the US by the Flower child Woodstock generation in the sixties of the last century. Source : azarius.net This footage is part of the professionally-shot broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of HD imagery from South Asia. The Wilderness Films India collection comprises of 50, 000+ hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on HDCAM / SR 1080i High Definition, Alexa, SR, XDCAM and 4K. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewing and production solutions across South Asia. We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... Please subscribe to our channel wildfilmsindia on Youtube for a steady stream of videos from across India. Also, visit and enjoy your journey across India at www.clipahoy.com , India's first video-based social networking experience! Reach us at rupindang @ gmail . com and admin@wildfilmsindia.com
