---
title: "Naga boy kicks hard and falls on his head at meat-kicking competition"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SMv8-1V83UdezqP-U/x240"
vid_id: "x7v99a6"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["kicks","falls","meat-kicking"]
date: "2020-07-30T19:14:05+03:00"
duration: "PT1M10S"
---
Besides cultural performances from various tribal troupes from various districts and villages, the festival also offers an indigenous 'meat kicking' competition which is the special attraction at Hornbill festival in Nagaland. It is one amongst the few new activities added as part of the Hornbill Festival this year under the aegis of department of Youth Resources and Sports. It is amazing to witness Naga youth participating in the competition. The competition involved kicking with two feet a piece of meat, about 5 kilograms heavy and hung on a bamboo. The Hornbill festival held in the first week of December shows that with its stunning natural beauty and great cultural traditions, Nagaland can offer a rich fare to tourists. Nagaland, with its diverse tribal culture, is a land of festivals. A narrow strip of mountainous territory with rugged hills, emerald valleys, sparkling streams and a rich variety of flora and fauna, the 16th State of the Indian Union has salubrious climate throughout the year. It is bounded by Assam in the west, Myanmar in the east, Arunachal Pradesh in the north and Manipur in the south. Sometimes referred to as the `Switzerland of the East', Nagaland represents unimaginable beauty, moulded perfectly for a breathtaking experience. For the adventurous, the State is an ideal place for trekking and jungle camping and offers limitless possibilities for exploring its lush sub-tropical rainforests, which are a treasure trove of medicinal plants. The 20-lakh-strong Naga people, by nature, are fun lovers, and life in Nagaland is one long festival. source -  This footage is part of the professionally-shot broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of HD imagery from South Asia. The Wilderness Films India collection comprises of tens of thousands of hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on HDCAM / SR 1080i High Definition, Alexa, SR, HDV and XDCAM. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewing and production solutions across South Asia. We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... Reach us at rupindang @ gmail . com and admin@wildfilmsindia.com.
