---
title: "Jugaad scooter rickshaw : Indian rural innovation at its best!"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SQh0H1VJ5R7xM3m89/x240"
vid_id: "x7vuhox"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Jugaad","scooter","rickshaw"]
date: "2020-08-31T19:59:04+03:00"
duration: "PT1M27S"
---
At a time when even a scooty costs more than Rs 30,000, rickshaw-pullers here have found a novel and a cheaper way to ride high on speed. &quot;Jugad-gadi&quot; is a new avatar of the familiar three-wheeler but the only difference is that it is being run with a scooter engine. Jugaad are locally-made motor vehicles that are used mostly in small villages as a means of low cost transportation in rural India. Jugaad (also sometimes jugard) literally means an improvised arrangement or work-around, which has to be used because of lack of resources. This is a Hindi term widely used by people speaking other Indian languages, and by people of Indian origin around the world. The same term is still used for a type of vehicle, found in rural India, made by carpenters by fitting a diesel engine on a cart. Jugaad colloquially means a creative idea, or a quick workaround to get through commercial, logistic or law issues. As such, the Jugaad movement has gathered a community of enthusiasts, believing it to be the proof of Indian bubbling creativity, or a cost-effective way to solve the issues of everyday life There are numerous manufacturers of the Listeroid &amp; Petteroid diesel engines in single cylinder and two cylinder configurations, though Kirloskar was the first manufacturer to build them in India. Locally, these engines continue to be known as Kirloskar engines, even though made by a host of manufacturers. Brands include Ashwamegh, Noble, Kapson and Grover among others, and the manufacturers are spread over western UP from Ghaziabad to Meerut to Agra. Jugaads use these engines as the powerhouse. Generally, a single cylinder water cooled Petteroid engine is used. Source :  and TOI This footage is part of the professionally-shot broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of HD imagery from South Asia. The Wilderness Films India collection comprises of 50, 000+ hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on HDCAM / SR 1080i High Definition, Alexa, SR, XDCAM and 4K. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewing and production solutions across South Asia. We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... Please subscribe to our channel wildfilmsindia on Youtube for a steady stream of videos from across India. Also, visit and enjoy your journey across India at www.clipahoy.com , India's first video-based social networking experience! Reach us at rupindang@gmail.com and admin@wildfilmsindia.com
