---
title: "Attack on Titan S1 E15 'Special Operations Squad: Eve of the Counterattack, Part 2' Reaction!"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SPdEk1VFhRUCNxJW3/x240"
vid_id: "x7vojhq"
categories: "fun"
tags: ["Attack","Titan","'Special"]
date: "2020-08-21T05:46:05+03:00"
duration: "PT8M26S"
---
In this video we are reviewing Attack on Titan Season 1 Episode 15 &quot;Special Operations Squad: Eve of the Counterattack, Part 2&quot;.  Eren moves to an abandoned castle to continue his training. Hanji puts two captured Titans through a series of tests and trials.  <br>Please don't forget to subscribe and leave us a comment to let us know what you think!  We will see you all in our next video.   <br>Join our Patreon for exclusive content, extended reactions, bloopers, and more:   <br>Follow us on Instagram:  <br>Kacee: @kaceecavazos   <br>Anthony: @anthonyjcavazos   <br>Contact Us: doscavazos@gmail.com  <br>You can also find us here:  <br>Bitchute:   <br>Dailymotion:   <br>Sign up for a free Bitchute account here:   <br>If you would like to donate to our channel: paypal.me/doscavazos  <br>Is there something you would like to see? Leave a request in the comments below! ↓  <br>*Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for &quot;fair use&quot; for purposes such as criticism, commenting, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing.*  <br>&quot;Everything is about people. Everything in this life that’s worth a damn.&quot; -Eastman (The Walking Dead)  <br>&quot;I have spent my whole life scared, frightened of things that could happen, might happen, might not happen, 50-years I spent like that. Finding myself awake at three in the morning. But you know what? Ever since my diagnosis, I sleep just fine. What I came to realize is that fear, that’s the worst of it. That’s the real enemy. So, get up, get out in the real world and you kick that bastard as hard you can right in the teeth.&quot; -Walter White (Breaking Bad)  <br>Intro/Outro Song: Always Dreaming - Same Town Forever   <br>*This post may contain affiliate links. If you use one of these links to buy something we may earn a commission at no extra cost to you. Thanks.*
