---
title: "Biden picks Kamala Harris as his running mate for U.S. presidential election"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SOexW1VD6CsUNnzNq/x240"
vid_id: "x7vj2lc"
categories: "news"
tags: ["\ubbf8\uad6d","\ubc14\uc774\ub4e0","\ud751\uc778"]
date: "2020-08-18T14:07:07+03:00"
duration: "PT1M48S"
---
바이든, 러닝메이트에 해리스 의원…미 첫 흑인여성 부통령후보  <br>U.S. Presidential candidate Joe Biden has named Kamala Harris as his running mate, making the California senator the first Black and South Asian American woman to run on a major U.S. political party's presidential ticket.  <br>Shortly after the announcement, President Trump blasted Harris as &quot;disrespectful,&quot; and admitted he was a touch surprised by the Biden camp's decision.  <br>Kim Jae-hee reports.  <br>Joe Biden says he's &quot;proud&quot; to have Kamala Harris as his running mate for the 2020 presidential election.  <br>Biden tweeted Tuesday that Harris is a &quot;fearless fighter&quot; and one of the &quot;finest public servants&quot; in the U.S.  <br>Harris tweeted that she felt honored, adding Biden will unify the American people, and build an America that lives up to people's ideals.  <br>Born to Jamaican and Indian immigrants, the 55-year-old former California Attorney General is the only black woman in the Senate.  <br>She would become the first woman in U.S. history to serve as vice president, should Biden win in November.  <br>Harris dropped out of the race for the Democratic ticket late last year and repeatedly clashed with Biden during the debates.  <br>But some watchers say that, by choosing Harris, Biden adds some generational diversity and could attract more Black voters to side with him.  <br>President Trump said he was a little surprised by Biden's pick.  <br>However, he denounced Harris, accusing her of being far left and saying she &quot;did very poorly&quot; when she ran for nomination.  <br>&quot;I was a little surprised that he picked her. She was very disrespectful to Joe Biden and it's hard to pick somebody that's that disrespectful.&quot;  <br>Former U.S. President Barack Obama said Biden &quot;nailed the decision&quot;, saying Harris, who he's known for a long time, is more than prepared for the job.  <br>Kim Jae-hee, Arirang News.  <br>
