---
title: "US Daily News - Belarus election Lukashenko's claim of landslide victory sparks"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SOb0J1VCsGoPZIsXQ/x240"
vid_id: "x7viq6r"
categories: "news"
tags: ["Belarus","local","news"]
date: "2020-08-14T16:18:06+03:00"
duration: "PT4M47S"
---
Clashes broke out in cities across Belarus on Sunday evening as riot police used rubber bullets, flash grenades, teargas and water cannon to quash protests against the results of the contested presidential election. Alexander Lukashenko, who has ruled for 26 years, claimed he had won a landslide victory in an election marred by accusations of vote-rigging. The election commission claimed Lukashenko was ahead with 82% of the vote in preliminary results on Sunday evening. The opposition, led by Svetlana Tikhanovskaya, had held some of the country’s largest political rallies since the days of the Soviet Union. Large protests broke out soon after the polls closed in Minsk, where a crowd of thousands gathered in the centre of the capital. A reporter for the Guardian saw police use water cannon against protesters and was fired on by rubber bullets. Opponents of Lukashenko chanted, “Leave!” Police made dozens of arrests. In one video, an army truck appeared to run into a protester. On Monday morning Reuters reported that at least one person was killed after being knocked over by a police prisoner van and dozens were injured. Fighting was also reported in approximately 20 other cities, including Gomel and Vitebsk. In several smaller cities, however, riot police were reported to have refused to engage protesters or retreated.“It’s certainly the biggest protest I’ve ever seen in Belarus since Lukashenko came to power,” said David Marples, a professor at the University of Alberta and an expert on Belarus. “In terms of the elections that Lukashenko’s held, there’s been nothing like it. It seems to me that the whole country really is in favour of change.”The decision to put down the protests violently has raised questions about the loyalty of interior ministry troops and whether Lukashenko’s own nerve could fail if he felt personally threatened by the protests.“We don’t really know how brave he is. He’s never been in a situation where he needs to be brave,” said Marples. The state news agency, Belta, said police were “in control of the situation at unsanctioned mass events”.  <br>All data is taken from the source:   <br>Article Link:   <br>#Belarus #sandiegonews #middletownjournal #news #nytimes #cnn #newsnow  <br>
