---
title: "\u092a\u093e\u0915\u093f\u0938\u094d\u0924\u093e\u0928 \u092e\u0947\u0902 \u0932\u0921\u093c\u0915\u093f\u092f\u094b\u0902 \u0915\u0947 \u0938\u093e\u0925 \u0915\u0940 \u091c\u093e\u0924\u0940 \u0939\u0948 \u0936\u0930\u094d\u092e\u0928\u093e\u0915 \u0939\u0930\u0915\u0924 \u0936\u0941\u0915\u094d\u0930 \u092e\u0928\u093e\u0913 \u092d\u093e\u0930\u0924 \u092e\u0947\u0902 \u0930\u0939\u0924\u0947 \u0939\u0948\u0902 Pakistan of truth"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SNJrh1V93F0yy_8yl/x240"
vid_id: "x7vblnv"
categories: "school"
tags: ["trust of pakistan","pakistan","travel pakistan"]
date: "2020-08-01T07:09:02+03:00"
duration: "PT3M42S"
---
पाकिस्तान में लड़कियों के साथ की जाती है शर्मनाक हरकत शुक्र मनाओ भारत में रहते हैं Pakistan of truth  <br>#Filmyfactsnews  <br>#pakistantourism  <br>#pakistanfacts  <br>Friends, the tricolor of every person is his pride,  <br>Then whether the person is Indian or Pakistan,  <br>What is Indian Pakistani, it is a small name,  <br>At the time of partition, it was distributed among the people that if you are a Muslim, you will be called Pakistani and if you are a Hindu, you will be called Hindustani,  <br>But friends, have you ever thought that if there is no human on this earth,  <br>Who would be called Pakistanis and who would be called Hindustani, never thought ……  <br>Friends, when Pakistan got independence on 14 August 1947,  <br>After that 4400000 Hindus and Sikhs turned to India while 4.1 crore Muslims from India chose Pakistan and decided to go there.  <br>And friends, today we are talking about Hindus living in Pakistan, yes friends, can you believe that even after 47 years, there are as many Hindus left in Pakistan as before.  <br>And the reason for how this can happen is well known  <br>Most Hindus live in Sindh province of Pakistan.  <br>And Hindus and Christians etc. have been suffering in Pakistan for decades which reached severe levels by 2014.  <br>And they were forcibly converted.  <br>Incidents of rape of women were on the rise and the historic temples and church houses were little known.  <br>And the Government of Pakistan will remain silent and Hindus, who did not tolerate all this, turned to India and when they told their experience that there was sexual harassment of Hindu girls in Pakistani schools, they say that reading of Quran is mandatory for Hindu girls.  It was done.  <br>Hindus in Pakistan were not able to perform the last rites of their families with Hindu customs.  <br>In Pakistan, the death of a Hindu cannot be cremated in a Hindu manner, 80% of Hindus have to bury their dead bodies in a cemetery.  <br>And the main reason for this is poverty because the funeral costs more then 8000 rupees.  <br>Which most Hindus cannot gather and the Pakistan government alters the figures to show the number of Hindus is less.  <br>In such a situation, the Indian government is planning to make Aadhaar letters and PAN cards for Pakistani Hindu refugees and this will simplify the process of obtaining citizenship.  <br>And friends, for your information, the Pakistan Constitution states that the government of minorities will have to be protected and they will also have to provide jobs, but in reality all these things are limited only on paper.  <br>Earlier, in the House of Pakistan, Hindus were given seats on the basis of their numbers, but conspicuously everywhere Hindus are showing less population and seats are being given to Christians instead.  <br>And in 2006 and 2009 about 5000 Hindu families from Pakistan had come to India.  <br>And the Thar Express was also introduced between India and Pakistan in the year 2006 and once a week this train runs from Krachi to Jodhpur in India and about 392 Hindus came to India in the
