---
title: "Fantasia - Dr. Feelgood (Aretha Franklin) - Taking The Stage 2017"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SQjml1VKDsxznfr3_/x240"
vid_id: "x7vuqen"
categories: "music"
tags: ["soul train","fantasia","barrino"]
date: "2020-09-06T11:09:03+03:00"
duration: "PT2M7S"
---
I Never Loved a Man the Way I Love You is Aretha's first album with Atlantic Records. The record went to number 2 on the Billboard album chart and number 1 on the magazine's Top R&amp;B Selling chart. It was certified Gold by the RIAA in 1967. It was voted number 352 in the third edition of Colin Larkin's All Time Top 1000 Albums (2000).[6] It received a number 83 ranking on Rolling Stone magazine's 2003 list of the 500 greatest albums of all time, and 84 in a 2012 revised list.[7] It was also included in both the 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die (2005) and 1,000 Recordings to Hear Before You Die (2008). When Rolling Stone listed the &quot;Women in Rock: 50 Essential Albums&quot; in 2002 and again 2012, the album listed at number one.[8] The album included two top-10 singles: &quot;Respect&quot; was a number-1 single on Billboard's Hot 100 Pop singles chart, and &quot;I Never Loved a Man (The Way I Love You)&quot; peaked at number 9. The album was rated the 10th best album of the 1960s by Pitchfork.  <br>In 1967, Rolling Stone chided the album for &quot;the lack of versatility on the part of the sidemen. The drums weren't hard enough, the guitar was weak, and the production lacked polish.&quot;[10] In 2002, though, they placed the album at No. 1 on their &quot;Women in Rock: 50 Essential Albums&quot; list. In 2003, the album was ranked No. 83 on Rolling Stone's list of &quot;The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time&quot;. Music Critic Robert Christgau, gave the album an A, stating &quot;Not all of the tracks sound inspired&quot; but also stating that it was the best album she had made by that point.[11] Q included the album in their list of the &quot;100 Greatest Albums Ever&quot;.[12] Q also gave the album 4 stars and said &quot;[the album] came out in May 1967 and was number 2 in America within weeks ... now it stands untainted by time. She seemed so much a force of nature it's strange to recall that this was actually her tenth album ...&quot;  <br>Track listing  <br>Side one  <br>No. Title Writer(s) Length  <br>1. &quot;Respect&quot; Otis Redding 2:29  <br>2. &quot;Drown in My Own Tears&quot; Henry Glover 4:07  <br>3. &quot;I Never Loved a Man (The Way I Love You)&quot; Ronnie Shannon 2:51  <br>4. &quot;Soul Serenade&quot; King Curtis, Luther Dixon 2:39  <br>5. &quot;Don't Let Me Lose This Dream&quot; Aretha Franklin, Ted White 2:23  <br>6. &quot;Baby, Baby, Baby&quot; Aretha Franklin, Carolyn Franklin 2:54  <br>Side two  <br>No. Title Writer(s) Length  <br>7. &quot;Dr. Feelgood&quot; Aretha Franklin, Ted White 3:23  <br>8. &quot;Good Times&quot; Sam Cooke 2:10  <br>9. &quot;Do Right Woman, Do Right Man&quot; Dan Penn, Chips Moman 3:16  <br>10. &quot;Save Me&quot; Aretha Franklin, Carolyn Franklin, King Curtis 2:21  <br>11. &quot;A Change Is Gonna Come&quot; Sam Cooke 4:20  <br>1995 reissue bonus tracks  <br>No. Title Writer(s) Length  <br>12. &quot;Respect&quot; (Stereo version) Otis Redding 2:28  <br>13. &quot;I Never Loved a Man (The Way I Love You)&quot; (Stereo version) Ronnie Shannon 2:47  <br>14. &quot;Do Right Woman, Do Right Man&quot; (Stereo version)
