---
title: "Family Gives Away Son's Stuff For Joyriding in Family Car"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SNqke1VAjJzTTFEjv/x240"
vid_id: "x7vehm0"
categories: "news"
tags: ["TomoNews","satire",]
date: "2020-08-14T10:35:09+03:00"
duration: "PT1M31S"
---
PHOENIX — A family has practiced 'tough love' by giving away all of their teenage son's possessions after he took the family car for a joyride.  <br>14-year-old Angel Martinez was caught joyriding in the family Range Rover through his North Phoneix neighborhood, whilst his parents celebrated their anniversary in Las Vegas.  <br>Angel said that although he didn't have a license, he just wanted to drive. The teen explained the not-so-good idea came to him as he was washing the vehicle and thought that driving would dry the car.   <br>His parents found out after they received a call from the Phoenix Police Department, and as their teenage son had been in trouble a few times already, they decided to give away all of his possessions as punishment.   <br>Speaking to Fox 10, Angel's father Ramon Martinez said that his room is now '100% empty.'  <br>To apologize to the neighborhood, Angel sat for hours on his bed on August 3 with a sign that read, 'Sorry I stole my parent's car and was speeding.'  <br>Ramon said, 'We're neighbors as well. He could've run someone over. Something really bad could've happened.'  <br>According to the report, his clothes, television, and bedroom set were given away free and were taken by neighbors faster than the Range Rover he was driving.  <br>Despite the teen now likely sleeping on a rug, he said he understood the penalty, saying, 'It's kind of weird, but I think it's a fair punishment.'  <br>TomoNews is your best source for real news. We cover the funniest, craziest and most talked-about stories on the internet. If you're laughing, we're laughing. If you're outraged, we're outraged. We tell it like it is. And because we can animate stories, TomoNews brings you news like you've never seen before.  <br>Top TomoNews Stories - The most popular videos on TomoNews!  <br>You Idiot! - People doing stupid things  <br>Recent Uploads - The latest stories brought to you by TomoNews  <br>Ultimate TomoNews Compilations - Can't get enough of TomoNews? This playlist is for you! New videos every day  <br>Thanks for watching TomoNews!  <br>Like TomoNews on Facebook ►►   <br>Follow us on Twitter ►► @tomonewsus   <br>Follow us on Instagram ►► @tomonewsus   <br>Subscribe to TomoNews ►►   <br>Watch more TomoNews ►►     <br>Visit our website for all the latest videos:   <br>Check out our Android app:   <br>Check out our iOS app:   <br>Get top stories delivered to your inbox every day: 
