---
title: "Yakuza Kiwami 2 - Launch Trailer Xbox"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SNDQJ1V8lpWAXGLG_/x240"
vid_id: "x7vb1cj"
categories: "videogames"
tags: ["xboxviewtv","xbox","xbox 360"]
date: "2020-07-31T00:55:08+03:00"
duration: "PT1M2S"
---
Yakuza Kiwami 2 Launches Today for Xbox One, Windows 10, and Xbox Game Pass.   <br>Subscribe #XboxViewTV ➤   <br>Prepare to continue the journey of the Dragon of Dojima in Yakuza Kiwami 2, available starting today for Xbox One, Windows 10, and Xbox Game Pass! Check out our launch trailer to find out what people are saying about this explosive sequel.  <br>Set one year after the thrilling events of the original story, the Dragon of Dojima, Kazuma Kiryu, is finally starting to settle down and build a peaceful life with Haruka Sawamura. However, he soon learns an assassination threatens to erupt an all-out war between the Tojo Clan and the Omi Alliance. Kiryu must travel to Sotenbori, Osaka in an attempt to broker peace between the rival clans, but Ryuji Goda, the Dragon of Kansai, will stop at nothing to get his war.  <br>Yakuza Kiwami 2 is the first Yakuza game available to Xbox One &amp; Windows 10 players utilizing Ryu Ga Gotoku Studio's powerful Dragon Engine, which features vastly improved graphics and performance, as well as seamless transitions when entering and exiting buildings or combat. You can even take fights from the street into nearby convenience stores - just don't expect any service if you happen to trash the store. Yakuza Kiwami 2 also features a full playable side story featuring fan-favorite character Goro Majima, as well as a wealth of new substories and mini games to keep you playing for countless hours.  <br>Yakuza Kiwami 2 Features:  <br>Dragons Belong on the Dragon Engine - Yakuza Kiwami 2 is a re-creation of the original Yakuza 2, completely rebuilt in the Dragon Engine, the same engine used in developing Yakuza 6: The Song of Life. Experience gorgeous graphics on top of seamless transitions between battles or when entering or leaving buildings. Character facial animations have undergone a significant overhaul, and all cutscenes and key voiced lines have been re-recorded to enhance the exhilarating drama that unfolds throughout the game.  <br>Big Hits, Mini Games - Experience visceral street brawling and weapon-based combat, and tons of leisure activities in Kamurocho (Tokyo) and Sotenbori (Osaka), Pull off a wide variety of brutal (and hilarious) Heat Actions, and challenge new minigames such as Golf Bingo, the original arcade release of Virtua Fighter 2, the return of Yakuza 0's much-celebrated Cabaret (including the return of fan-favorite Yuki!), Majima Construction-themed Clan Creator and real-time strategy game, and even SEGA's infamous Toylets!  <br>Unveil the Truth of Goro Majima - This time around, Kiryu isn't the only one running the show - fans of the Mad Dog of Shimano won't want to miss this new Majima-centric campaign, which features Majima as a playable character, complete with his trusty dagger, and sheds light on his personal journey from the end of Yakuza Kiwami up to Yakuza Kiwami 2.  <br>---  <br>Connect with us!  <br>▸Twitch:   <br>▸Web:   <br>
