---
title: "Andrew Eborn is joined by entertainment titans Ian Freeman & Mike Read to celebrate 115 years of The Magic Circle & the work of The British Plaque Trust"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SJmNY1U_Qrhh63NFp/x240"
vid_id: "x7urmqq"
categories: "fun"
tags: ["The Magic Circle","Mike Read","Ian Freeman"]
date: "2020-07-07T20:53:08+03:00"
---
Andrew Eborn is joined by entertainment titans Ian freeman &amp; Mike Read to celebrate 115 years of The Magic Circle &amp; the work of The British Plaque Trust    <br>On 1st July 1905, at a meeting held in the large hall above the renowned Pinoli Restaurant in Wardour Street, 23 amateur and professional magicians formed a new magic club that was to become The Magic Circle. The meeting was chaired by the Belgian magician Servais Le Roy. Fast forward a hundred years to Wednesday April 13th 2016,and hundreds of magicians, other celebrities  and members of the public gathered outside what was Pinoli’s at 17 Wardour Street, to celebrate this momentous occasion with the unveiling of a British Plaque Trust, blue plaque, Dynamo.  <br>ENN brings you stories directly sourced &amp; evidenced based.  <br>If you would like to be involved write to Guests@OctopusTV.com  <br>Andrew Eborn is conducting exclusive video interviews with great guests from around the world  <br>Andrew Eborn &quot;The Joe Wicks of the Mind &amp; Mental Health&quot;  <br>Andrew Eborn, President of Octopus TV &amp; Knot The Truth, is a renowned international lawyer, producer, strategist, futurist, brand adviser, broadcaster, mentalist, magician &amp; inspirational speaker. For many years Andrew Eborn has empowered companies to face the challenges of changing markets, maximise the return on their rights as well as assisting with the strategic development of their businesses.  <br>UKTI Rob Walker &quot; Andrew Eborn is an inspirational ambassador for the technology, media and sport sectors and a powerful advocate for British business&quot;  <br>“Magical “ Sir David Frost&quot;  <br>Andrew Eborn is a very talented interviewer. Andrew is a barrister , magician a true showman &amp; President of Octopus Television, London. When Andrew interviews his subject he makes them feel extremely relaxed &amp; a joy to work with.&quot; Linda Rifkind  <br>Andrew Eborn is “an extraordinary interviewer” James Fortune, Hollywood Director“Brilliant” The Magic Circular  <br>Paul Gordon &quot;Andrew Eborn has now interviewed me twice. He's very good at it too because he asks tough questions without being tough and - like Sir Michael Parkinson - he asks questions the viewer would like to ask.&quot;  <br>&quot; If it wasn’t for Andrew Eborn I would not have had the power to do what I am doing. ,,,, So thank you for the opportunity and trying this stuff.&quot; Charmaine  <br>&quot;I like your interview style. It’s buzzy, prepared and strong. You do it very well&quot;  <br>&quot;Brilliant and buzzing&quot; Ed Hood  <br>&quot; Easily one of the best interviews I've ever had &quot; - Andy Kyriacou, Moderm Romance  <br>Elizabeth Evangelista  &quot;Andrew Eborn is a bloody natural !&quot;   <br>&quot;Andrew Eborn is  electric, magnetic, and his intelligence in the music business and on the history of London is just mind-boggling !&quot;  <br>&quot;Andrew Eborn is not only educating me ~ but entertaining me also ! ~ Andrew is priceless !  <br>Lazar Vukovic &quot; Andrew Eborn -  A man born to entertain&quot;  <br>Follow @AndrewEborn @OctopusTV  <br>© Octopus TV Ltd 2020.
