---
title: "Top 10 Best Netflix Original Movies to Watch Now 2020"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SPwdd1VGR_tJekXyS/x240"
vid_id: "x7vq8rr"
categories: "tv"
tags: ["top 10 netflix original movies","netflix movies","top 10 netflix movies"]
date: "2020-08-24T04:30:19+03:00"
duration: "PT6M57S"
---
As the catalog for Netflix Original Movies continues to grow at a rapid pace, thankfully the quality is getting better as well. To help you find the best that Netflix has to offer, I’ll countdown the Top 10 Original Movies that you can watch right now on Netflix. This year instead of doing a best of all-time list, this video will only include films released on the streaming service over the last couple of years. As always, these will be our personal favorites regardless of the scores from uptight movie critics!  <br>Subscribe! ▶   <br>Share This Video ▶   <br>Top 10 Best Netflix Original Series  <br>10 Mind-Blowing Netflix Documentaries  <br>Netflix  <br>---------------------------------------  <br>WATCH MORE VIDEOS  <br>10 Amazing TV Shows You’ll Actually Want to Watch!   <br>Windows 10 Task Manager Tricks You Should Know!  <br>GIMP Tutorial: Best Tips &amp; Tricks for Beginners  <br>Window 10 Ultimate Performance  <br>Top 10 Netflix Alternatives to Watch TV Shows &amp; Movies   <br>Twitter -   <br>Facebook -   <br>TechGumbo is a leading source for the technology that we use each day. Whether it’s discussing computer operating system tricks, the latest tips for your mobile phone, finding out about the newest gadgets, or letting you know about the best TV shows or movies on Netflix, TechGumbo has boundless topics on technology for the astute YouTube viewer.  <br>top 10 netflix original movies,netflix movies,top 10 netflix movies,best netflix movies,best netflix original movie,best movies on netflix,top 10 best netflix original movies to watch now,netflix original films,netflix original movie,best netflix originals,top 10,top 10 netflix original series,top 10 netflix films,netflix original movies,netflix,netflix original series,netflix originals,movies on netflix,top 10 netflix original movies 2020,best netflix original series netflix movies,best movies on netflix,movies to watch on netflix,best netflix movies,what to watch on netflix,netflix,movies on netflix,top of the best movies to watch on netflix 2020,best movies and series to watch on netflix this 2020,what to watch on netflix 2020,netflix movies to watch,what to watch on netflix this 2020 on netflix,top 10 netflix movies,netflix movies 2020,netflix movies trailers,netflix new movies,netflix 2020 movies,best movies 2020 netflix,best movies netflix 2020
