---
title: "Gabriel's Inferno Part II (2020) Descargar Pel\u00edcula"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SOJqo1VD8I5Ne3bja/x240"
vid_id: "x7vh7w2"
categories: "shortfilms"
tags: ["Gabriel's","Inferno","(2020)"]
date: "2020-08-16T17:25:09+03:00"
duration: "PT20S"
---
0 min. ago Gabriel's Inferno Part II (2020) Descargar Película   I am reviewing Part II of &quot;Gabriel's Inferno,&quot; not &quot;Gabriel's Rapture&quot;. The first movie was split into three parts. Now that's out of the way... In Part II, Gabriel and Julia are trying to define their evolving relationship. The power dynamic shifts from Part I, and this film is packed with romantic scenes as they share secrets and explore a possible future together. This results in many romantic encounters, both playful and passionate. But both still hold many painful secrets that have shaped who they are now. These themes continue to run parallel with the poetry of Dante, and other literal and artist works of medieval Italy. Tosca Musk and the team at Passionflix are making movies in a whole new way, one that respects the original work (book) as well as the readers who love these works. Unconstrained by movie theater schedules, distribution company guidelines, need for certain &quot;names,&quot; etc., this team gives these books the time and attention they need to bring them to life. Director Tosca estimated that the full run time for Gabriel's Inferno runs at about six hours... which is why this film is in three parts. And I wouldn't want it any other way. Minimal edits... it reads almost line-for-line with the novel. The cast selected for this film was superb!! While the character of Gabriel Emerson is American, the actor, Giulio Berruti, is Italian. But his accent doesn't bother me, given that these characters are specialists in Italian literature and speak some Italian throughout the movie. Giulio not only resembles the character Gabriel as written, his acting is spot on. He can be an absolute &quot;ass,&quot; or a tender lover. Melanie Zanetti, in the role of Julia Mitchell, is young, petite, and lovely just as described in the novel. Her chemistry with Giulio is off the charts... from a smolder to a sizzle. While this film does not have a major studio budget, the production has a cinematic feel and the attention to detail on the sets is exquisite. The author, Sylvain Reynard, incorporates a soundtrack of sorts in his books, and the production team has either incorporated his suggestions or added additional music to create a wonderful aural backdrop for this production. I had not read the books before watching Part I, so I didn't know what to expect. Part I of this series is a slow burn, then Part II really builds on the relationship between the leads. I cannot wait for Part III, as the drama is really going to ramp up. This film is emotional, angsty, romantic, and funny in moments - I truly enjoyed it. I've watched Part II three times now - Tosca gives the love scenes the time they need to really build on the passion and depth, while still being tasteful. These films, in my opinion, are the finest book-to-screen adaptations that I have ever watched, and I am so happy I am able to experience them. I'm looking forward to more movies from this author's books, and from t
