---
title: "Kashmiri man goes up in smoke! Warming up with a kangri"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SMv8z1V8ZBNQth--r/x240"
vid_id: "x7v99a5"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Kashmiri","smoke!","Warming"]
date: "2020-07-30T14:01:05+03:00"
duration: "PT56S"
---
Kashmiri men keep themselves warm with a kangri during winter. A kangri is a pot filled with hot embers used by Kashmiris beneath their traditional clothing to keep the chill at bay, which is also regarded as a work of art. It is normally kept inside the Phiran (Overcoat type garment), the Kashmiri cloak, or inside a blanket. If a person is wearing a jacket, it may be used as a hand-warmer. It is about 6 inches (150 mm) in diameter and reaches a temperature of about 150 °F (66 °C). After the earthen pots are moulded, these are sold to the artisans who complete the wickerwork around them, erect two arms to handle the pot, and colour it to give an aesthetically delicate shape. The final product then goes to the market. It is generally believed that Kashmiris learnt the use of the Kangri from the Italians who were in the retinue of the Mughal emperors, and usually visited the Valley during summer. In Italy (where a similar device was known as a scaldino) and Spain braziers were made in a great variety of shapes and were profusely ornamented. Historical data, however, contradicts the claim that kangri has come to Kashmir from Italy, but it is known that it was used in the time of the Mughal Empire. Those visiting Kashmir for the first time during the winter season are surprised to find people carrying firepots in their hands or in their laps but every Kashmiri knows how to handle the apparatus with care. Kashmiri Pandits burn Kangri's on the occasion of a local festival called Teela Aetham, marking the end of winter season. Isband (Peganum harmala), aromatic seeds believed to shove away negative energies, are burnt in a kanger to mark a good beginning to a party. Srinagar is the summer capital of the Indian State of Jammu and Kashmir. It is situated in the Kashmir Valley and lies on the banks of the Jhelum River, a tributary of the Indus. The city is famous for its gardens, lakes and houseboats. It is also known for traditional Kashmiri handicrafts and dry fruits. Etymologically Srinagar is composed of two Sanskrit words, śrī (Lakshmi) and nagar, which means &quot;city&quot;. One theory of the origin of the name is that a Pandava King Ashok (not to be confused with the Mauryan Emperor Ashok) built the city of Srinagari (Srinagar).Another theory is that Mauryan Emperor Ashoka founded the original city of Srinagar, then situated on the site of the present village of Pandrethan, 5 km to the north of the existing capital. Source :- Wikipedia This footage is part of the professionally-shot broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of HD imagery from South Asia. The Wilderness Films India collection comprises of tens of thousands of hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on HDCAM / SR 1080i High Definition, Alexa, SR, HDV and XDCAM. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewi
