---
title: "Priyanka Chopra sings Hindi song live, Kangana Ranaut, Tanushree Duttaactors sing playback in films"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SRvcG1VMOcrzdAJOQ/x240"
vid_id: "x7w1e34"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Priyanka","Chopra","sings"]
date: "2020-09-11T01:48:04+03:00"
duration: "PT2M40S"
---
Priyanka Chopra sings an old Hindi song live during an endorsement event for a jewellery brand. A list of Bollywood celebrities who have started careers in playback singing apart from acting. Take a look at what other actors have to say about playback singing. Other Bollywood actors sing playback in films as well. Udita Goswami, Kangana Ranaut, Tanushree Dutta are rumoured to be learning how to sing playback. Sanjay Dutt, Aamir Khan, Amitabh Bachchan, Abhishek Bachchan, Urmila Matondkar and others who have sung in their films. Others like Riteish Deshmukh, Emraan Hashmi, Sunil Shetty does not seem to entertain the thought of even learning it. More gossips on John Abraham, Bipasha Basu, Suchitra Pillai, Farah Khan. Do be aware that this is older archival footage that we bring to you as entertaining videos, so the stated facts and circumstances may well be circumstantial and may no longer be correct, evident or real. We make no claims as to their veracity.   This footage is part of the broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest HD and 4K collection from South Asia. The collection comprises of 150, 000+ hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on 4K, 200 fps slow motion and Full HD. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewing and production solutions across South Asia. We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... Please subscribe to our channel wildfilmsindia on Youtube  and The Best of India at  for a steady stream of videos from across India. Also, visit and enjoy your journey across India at www.clipahoy.com , India's first video-based social networking experience. Reach us at rupindang [at] gmail [dot] com and admin@wildfilmsindia.com To SUBSCRIBE click the below link:  and  Like &amp; Follow Us on: Facebook:  Website:  #WildFilmsIndia #WildernessFilmsIndia #BroadcastStockFootage
