---
title: "PACER - Official Release Date Reveal Trailer (2020)"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SNo5A1VATq5HXLN9L/x240"
vid_id: "x7ve98q"
categories: "videogames"
tags: ["xboxviewtv","pacer","pacer game"]
date: "2020-08-05T03:41:02+03:00"
duration: "PT1M9S"
---
Extreme Anti-Gravity Racing Game PACER Releasing September 17th, 2020  <br>on Xbox One PC and PS4, includes innovative Battle Royale inspired mode Storm. | Subscribe #XboxViewTV ➤   <br>PACER Wishlist on STEAM:    <br>The start line is in sight for R8 Games’ high-octane anti-gravity combat racing game PACER. Coming to the PlayStation 4 and PS4 PRO, the Xbox One family of devices, including Xbox One X, and PC via STEAM on September 17, 2020.  <br>PACER is an explosive anti-gravity combat racing game where players can race in a variety of single player modes or with up to 10 players via online multiplayer.  <br>Features:  <br>Highly customizable craft – choose from five craft types, then head to the garage to fully customize your look, performance tuning and weaponry  <br>Race the world – with 14 unique and challenging tracks with interchangeable variants (Night, Mirrored, Reverse) giving up to 8 different ways to race any given circuit  <br>Choose your mode – with 8 game modes including Elimination, Endurance and PACER’s unique ‘Flowmentum’ and Battle Royale inspired ‘Storm’ modes.  <br>Campaign mode – develop from a trainee Pilot and advance through 10 unique race teams to become the PACER world champion.  <br>OST – featuring original tracks created by Tim Wright aka CoLD SToRAGE  <br>Optimised for Online – with 10 player multiplayer, Online Ranked Mode to see how you compete against the best in the world and Online Tournament/Spectator Mode for easy streaming and fun events at all levels  <br>“PACER is the fastest and most explosive game of its kind and we’re super proud as it prepares for the start line,” said Steve Iles, Senior Producer, PACER. “Whether you’re into single player campaign play or inviting all your friends for multiplayer mayhem, it’s all here. Or if you’re daring and like a challenge, try our thrilling Battle Royale inspired mode, ‘Storm’.”  <br>2075: The PACER World Championship has become the new apex of anti-gravity motorsport, delivering high-speed racing across the world’s most dangerous and challenging circuits. Corporations from all over the globe race against each other in a battle of technical and piloting prowess with the aim of winning the championship and achieving ultimate victory.  <br>Engage in high speed combat racing to an incredible soundtrack, featuring original tracks by CoLD SToRAGE, and an extensive licensed library including Dub FX, Ed Harrison and many more.  <br>---  <br>Connect with us!  <br>▸Support us:   <br>▸Dailymotion:   <br>▸Facebook:   <br>▸Twitter:   <br>▸Twitch:   <br>▸Web: 
