---
title: "5 Celebs Who Surprised Fans In Cars"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SLiES1V4ZEqdsoznN/x240"
vid_id: "x7v2i70"
categories: "people"
tags: ["Celebs","Celebs Who Surprised Fan","Demi Lovato"]
date: "2020-07-20T10:46:09+03:00"
duration: "PT2M56S"
---
If you’re going to jump into an Uber or a Lyft why not have your driver be Demi Lovato or Justin Bieber? We’re bringing you a rundown of 5 celebs who surprised fans in cars.   <br>You never know who your driver will be and for these few lucky passengers, they had no idea they were in for the ride of their lives.   <br>Demi Lovato gave some riders the ultimate surprise when she posed as a lyft driver while on tour in Denver Colorado. She kept her identity under wraps by wearing sunglasses and a hat and even sang some Camp Rock jams with passengers, but still it wasn’t until the end of the trip that passengers realized who was in the driver’s seat. Take a look:  <br>Throughout the ride Demi made comments about herself in an effort to drop hints about her identity, but the passengers had no idea. Jimmy Kimmel also opted for lyft when he surprised a young dentist on his last day of work, prepping to travel back to Africa when Jimmy picked him up for a lyft ride he’ll never forget.   <br>After the passenger expressed that he was excited to go home because he missed his family, Jimmy took him on a shopping spree to a Hollywood gift shop for some unforgettable souvenirs.   <br>Nick Jonas is yet another celeb who has nearly given passengers heartattacks by surprising them with his face. Nick didn’t drive for lyft, but instead surprised three girls who thought they were going on a school field trip, but were actually about to be chauffeured by a Jonas bro.    <br>So much fun. But Nick wasn’t the only Jonas Brother to surprise fans because Joe also took on the challenge by becoming a certified uber driver. He picked up a girl and her co-worker to take them to Pinkberry and then stayed to eat froyo WITH THEM. Talk about a good day. Turns out that Joe didn’t just become an uber driver for the heck of it, but was actually doing it for a commercial, but way to commit.   <br>And lastly, Justin Bieber also surprised fans in a lyft by picking them up for a ride around town. Needless to say, a good time was had by all.   <br>I want to hear which celeb you would want to chauffeur you for the day so let me know in the comment section below and then click right over here to see a magical mermaid transformation on Beauty Trippin. And as always, make sure to subscribe to Clevver News. Thanks for hanging out, I’m your host Drew Dorsey and I’ll see you next time.
