---
title: "What\u2019s This? What\u2019s That? Kids Songs Super Simple Songs"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SAbnB1VE5WMiyIkqC/x240"
vid_id: "x7tc4sr"
categories: "school"
tags: ["whats this whats that","whats this song","this vs  that"]
date: "2020-08-22T11:36:04+03:00"
duration: "PT1M45S"
---
Watch videos from Super Simple in the Super Simple App for iOS! ►   <br>Join the Super Simple Monsters as they sing along to this fun guessing game song for kids &quot;What's This, What's That? &quot;  What’s this? What’s that? This is a dog, that is a cat. What’s this? What’s that?   <br>Listen to Super Simple Songs on Spotify:   <br>Listen to Super Simple Songs on Apple Music:   <br>Or, just ask your smart speaker to play Super Simple Songs!  <br>PARENTS AND TEACHERS: Thank you so much for watching Super Simple Songs with your families and/or students. If your young ones are watching without supervision, we recommend some of the following viewing options:  <br>► SUPER SIMPLE APP --   <br>Be the first to watch new Super Simple videos in the Super Simple App! Ad-free and designed for young learners.  <br>► DOWNLOAD --   <br>Videos from all Super Simple channels are available for purchase at the Super Simple online shop. You can also find some DVDs there.  <br>► YOUTUBE KIDS --   <br>Designed to make it safer and simpler for young ones to watch online video, YouTube Kids includes a suite of parental controls so you can tailor the experience to suit your family’s needs.  <br>► AMAZON VIDEO  <br>Are you an Amazon Prime member? Watch Super Simple videos ad-free on Amazon Prime Video. Just search for “Super Simple.”  <br>► KHAN ACADEMY KIDS --   <br>Super Simple has partnered with Khan Academy on their latest app designed for preschoolers. You’ll find Super Simple Songs worked into the curriculum throughout the app.  <br>► PLAYKIDS --   <br>Do you have the PlayKids app? You can find many of our Super Simple Songs and programs in the app!  <br>FREE SUPER SIMPLE TEACHING RESOURCES:   <br>SOCIAL MEDIA:  <br>Super Simple Newsletter Sign Up:   <br>Facebook:   <br>Instagram:   <br>Twitter:   <br>Pinterest:   <br>LYRICS:  <br>What’s this? What’s that?  <br>What’s this? What’s that?  <br>This is a dog, that is a cat.  <br>What’s this? What’s that?  <br>What’s this? What’s that?  <br>What’s this? What’s that?  <br>This is a frog, that is a hat.  <br>What’s this? What’s that?  <br>What’s this? What’s that?  <br>What’s this? What’s that?  <br>This is a ball, that is a bat.  <br>What’s this? What’s that?  <br>What’s this? What’s that?  <br>What’s this? What’s that?  <br>This is a cow, that is a rat.  <br>What’s this? What’s that?  <br>What’s this? What’s that?  <br>What’s this? What’s that?  <br>*****  <br>Super Simple Songs® and Super Simple Learning® are registered trademarks of Skyship Entertainment Company.  <br>#nurseryrhymes #kidssongs #childrensmusic #supersimplesongs
