---
title: "Allurion Weight Loss Program feat. Benoit Chardon"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SN3CN1V8O8AQK8VEV/x240"
vid_id: "x7va51z"
categories: "school"
tags: ["Allurion","Weight","Program"]
date: "2020-07-30T03:31:03+03:00"
duration: "PT15M23S"
---
Benoit Chardon interview at 7 mins 30 sec   <br>At the helm of Allurion is Benoît Chardon, 39, Executive Vice President - Global Commercial. He lives in this luxurious Parisian apartment from where he works.   <br>But when it comes to business, the man is fiercer than he looks. World-famous in the world of aesthetics, he notably participated in the launch of Botox on the French market.   <br>This morning, Benoît Chardon receives his sales team at home...   <br>Pierre Lapotre: ...to study the results of the last quarter.   <br>Around the table is Paul Jouvet, his Sales Director.   <br>In France, only 30 clinics are equipped with the balloon, for the moment. Paul still has a bunch of them to sell.   <br>Benoît Chardon: Do you have important regions that are not covered?   <br>Paul Jouvet: In the Pays de la Loire, Toulouse in the South-West and in Brittany.   <br>Pierre Lapotre : The clinics that are already partners are mainly located in Paris and on the beaches of the South. But these regions, where physical appearance is important, are not the most profitable for Benoît Chardon.   <br>Benoît Chardon: Surprisingly, the most productive centres, which treat the most patients in France are in the North-East, in Mulhouse. Often, regions that are a little isolated, with lower income levels, poorer eating habits, have higher rates of overweight and are therefore interesting targets for our market.   <br>Paris... a few steps from the Eiffel Tower, in the private rooms of a luxury hotel. Benoît Chardon has summoned doctors from all over the world for a very special weekend.   <br>Americans, Turks, Germans... about a hundred of them attend the lessons at the Allurion Academy, a two-day training course to teach these doctors all the tricks of the trade.   <br>&quot;Okay. Let's start with the most exciting part of this training: internal marketing. Your first marketing tool is your satisfied patients. The more satisfied your patients are, the more they will tell their loved ones and the more patients they will bring to you. »
