---
title: "Bali Honeymoon Destinations Honeymoon Trip To Bali"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SRPaY1VM5sY5HGH_1/x240"
vid_id: "x7vykv6"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Honeymoon","Destinations","Honeymoon"]
date: "2020-09-10T16:32:04+03:00"
duration: "PT4M40S"
---
#Bali is one of the most romantic honeymoon destinations in the world, and you already know that by now. The Indonesian destination needs no introduction, and that is precisely the reason why you should choose it to be the destination for one of the most romantic experiences of your life. Bali honeymoon has got everything to satiate your adventurous and romantic appetite.  <br>Bali honeymoon destination caters to almost every kind of traveller. Whether you like to indulge in luxury or just want to keep it a budget trip, Bali is the place for you.  <br>There are numerous places to visit in Bali for your honeymoon, and choosing the right ones can be a daunting task, so let our travel experts help you plan your “Bali honeymoon” to get you mesmerised by the aqua blue oceans, rich culture, and the famed terraced rice paddies.   <br>Best places to visit in Bali to make your honeymoon remarkable :  <br>1)GIT GIT WATERFALLS : The waterfalls of Git Git make an uproar and is probably the place to visit in Bali when with your loved one. So if you and your other half are looking to escape the crowds, bike to the quiet colonial village of Lovina.  <br>2) NUSA PENIDA : Hike with your partner to the gorgeous coast of Nusa Penida. This could be your perfect honeymoon destination in Bali, so do not miss it.  <br>3) ULUWATU : Uluwatu’s aqua-blue waters and the relaxed vibe is just what you need to destress on your honeymoon. Fill your days with rolling waves, tropical drinks, and epic sunsets that light the sky on fire. With this incredible #travel guide, make your Bali honeymoon a memorable trip of your life.   <br>4) CANGGU : Ride down the beach with your paramour, cross river creeks, amble through tranquil villages and rice paddy fields to reach this outstanding Bali honeymoon destination.  <br>5) KUTA : Create unforgettable memories by visiting the Tanah Lot temple perched on a rock surrounded by the sea on your honeymoon in Bali, #Indonesia. Share an endearing experience with your sweetheart by releasing baby turtles into the ocean between May and September.  <br>6) #UBUD : An awesome experience awaits you and your soulmate here. Be it the cooking classes, village tours, jewellery making workshops, art markets, river rafting, or bamboo crafting classes, everything will leave you wanting for more.  <br>Best time to visit Bali - For honeymooners, we recommend, May to September, as these two months are the beginning and end of the summer season respectively, and hence, it’s not as crowded as the peak tourist season.   <br>DO READ OUR BLOGS THAT HELP YOU PREPARE FOR YOUR EXCITING JOURNEY:   <br>----------  <br>Thanks For Watching :)  <br>
