---
title: "Bihar on the move!"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SLmC41V5HCCJNmNDQ/x240"
vid_id: "x7v2upw"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Bihar","move!","minds"]
date: "2020-07-22T00:20:20+03:00"
duration: "PT3M19S"
---
In the minds of Indians, Bihar is the most impoverished, pathetic, criminal, poverty-stricken state in India. Government officials are said to have sucked funds (think: fodder scam!) out of the system for their personal good, and the common man's lot has been so dreadful that every poor Bihari has wanted to migrate elsewhere in India, in search of work and a better livelihood, even if that meant working for Rs. 50 a day as a construction worker putting in 16 hour days... But as this video shows, the truth and reality are far from common perception, and Bihar is finally on the move. Under the able leadership of one of India's finest political heads - Mr. Nitish Kumar, the state is breaking away from its old mould and creating new infrastructure, a better life and livelihood for its people, better jobs and greater safety for its citizens, and a safer living and work environment for all. Looking at this video, one can hardly imagine that this is the new Bihar - it almost looks more impressive than the law and order riddled city of Manhattan! Bihar is a state in eastern India. It is the 12th largest state in terms of geographical size at 38,202 sq mi (98,940 km2) and 3rd largest by population. Almost 58% of Biharis are below the age of 25, which is the highest proportion in India. This footage is part of the professionally-shot broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of imagery from South Asia. The Wilderness Films India collection comprises of thousands of hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on HDCAM 1080i High Definition, HDV and XDCAM. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewing and production solutions across South Asia. We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... Reach us at rupindang [at] gmail [dot] com and admin@wildfilmsindia.com.  <br>
