---
title: "Remembering September 11 2001"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SSed81VNDt8CSvceh/x240"
vid_id: "x7w5io8"
categories: "news"
tags: ["News TV","news","news today"]
date: "2020-09-13T19:39:05+03:00"
duration: "PT3M8S"
---
News TV  <br>Coney Island Beach. (Photo: Erica Price/Bklyner)Today marks 19 years when planes were hijacked and struck into the Twin Towers, the Pentagon, and a field in Pennsylvania, killing 2,977 people. Lives were changed forever. Thousands of survivors were diagnosed with 9/11 related illnesses, people lost their loved ones, and Muslims were attacked and mosques were burned. Nineteen years later, the effects still remain. At least 42 survivors or first responders from 9/11 have died from COVID-19, THE CITY reported. The number is likely higher. And in the past six months, at least 1,300 people who worked or lived at or near Ground Zero and other 9/11 sites have contracted COVID-19. To remember and pay tribute to those who died on 9/11, there will be a socially distanced community vigil on the American Veterans Memorial Pier (located at 68th St. &amp; Shore Rd.), hosted by State Senator Andrew Gounardes and Council Member Justin Brannan. It will begin at 7:30 p.m. and everyone is required to wear a mask. The vigil will be live-streamed on Facebook for those who cannot attend.“In spite of everything, we fought hard to make sure we could still have our 9/11 memorial ceremony this year,” Brannan wrote. “It is so important that we honor the 9/11 victims and keep their memories alive.”There will also be a 9/11 vigil at Carmine Carro Center, near the flagpole, today at 5 p.m. This will be hosted by Gounardes, Assemblywoman Jaime Williams, Assemblywoman Helene Weinstein, and Council Member Alan Maisel. It will be live-streamed on Gounardes’ Facebook page.“Today marks 19 years when planes were hijacked and struck into the Twin Towers, the Pentagon, and a field in Pennsylvania, killing 2,977 people,” Gounardes said. “Lives were changed forever. Thousands of survivors were diagnosed with 9/11 related illnesses, people lost their loved ones, and Muslims were attacked and mosques were burned. Nineteen years later, the effects still remain.”Freedom Tower. (Photo: Zainab Iqbal/Bklyner)“As we mark another year gone since September 11, 2001, we remember all those who lost their lives to hatred — those who perished that fateful day and the survivors and first responders who became sick from the toxins at Ground Zero, the Pentagon, and the Shanksville crash site over the last nineteen years,” Congresswoman Carolyn Maloney said.“As our nation battles COVID-19, I want to encourage every survivor and first responder to sign up for the World Trade Center Health Program so that they can get the care and monitoring they need and deserve.  <br>All data is taken from the source:   <br>Article Link: 
