---
title: "Learning English Vocabulary Topic about Sports 01"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SOgQM1VDBO_NAzGZl/x240"
vid_id: "x7vj79y"
categories: "school"
tags: ["Learning English Vocabulary| Topic about Sports| 01","English Vocabulary","Sports  English Vocabulary"]
date: "2020-08-14T23:55:09+03:00"
duration: "PT10M16S"
---
#LearningEnglishVocabulary #Sports #EnglishVocabulary  <br>#LearningEnglishVocabulary #EnglishVocabulary #Sports  <br>Source:   <br>Website:   <br>Learning English Vocabulary| Topic about Sports 01| Sports vocabulary  <br>1) Amateur /ˈæməˌtɚ/  noun  <br>[count]  <br>1. : a person who does something (such as a sport or hobby) for pleasure and not as a job  <br>- She played soccer as an amateur before turning professional.  <br>- These photos were taken by both amateurs and professionals.  <br>2. : a person who does something poorly : a person who is not skillful at a job or other activity  <br>- The people running that company are a bunch of amateurs.  <br>- Only amateurs make this kind of mistake.  <br>- He's a mere amateur when it comes to cooking. [=he doesn't know how to cook well]  <br>— amateur adjective, always used before a noun  <br>- amateur photographers/athletes  <br>- an amateur competition [=a contest for amateurs]  <br>- They competed at the amateur level.  <br>— amateurism  /ˈæməˌtɚˌɪzəm/  noun [noncount]  <br>- a strong supporter of amateurism in sports  <br>- the amateurism [=the lack of skill] of her writing style  <br>2) Arena /əˈriːnə/  noun  <br>[count]  <br>1. : a building for sports and other forms of entertainment that has a large central area surrounded by seats  <br>- a basketball/hockey arena  <br>2. : an area of activity, interest, or competition  <br>- Congress became an arena of opposing views.  <br>- the toughest political arena in the world  <br>- The economic arena has been dominated by that country.  <br>   <br>3) Athletic /æθˈlɛtɪk/  adjective (always used before a noun)  <br>1. : of or relating to athletes  <br>- the national athletic association  <br>- They each received an athletic scholarship to the school.  <br>2. : of or relating to sports, games, or exercises  <br>- Students can get discount tickets for all athletic events.  <br>- His athletic career spanned three decades.  <br>- the college's athletic department/director  <br>- She has great athletic ability.  <br>3. always used before a noun : used by athletes : used during or for sports, games, or exercises  <br>- athletic socks/gear/shoes  <br>- the school's athletic field  <br>— athletically  /æθˈlɛtɪkli/  adverb  <br>- She's tall and athletically built.  <br>4) Backboard /ˈbækˌboɚd/  noun  <br>[count] basketball  <br>: the board behind the basket  <br>- plural backboards  <br>5) Backhand /ˈbækˌhænd/  noun  <br>[count] sports  <br>1. : a way of hitting a ball in tennis and similar games in which the back of the hand holding the racket is turned in the direction of the ball  <br>- She has a good backhand but a weak forehand.  <br>— often used before another noun  <br>- a backhand shot  <br>2. : a catch in baseball and similar games that is made on the side of the body that is opposite the hand being used — often used before another noun  <br>- The shortstop made a nice backhand catch on a line drive.  <br>— backhand  verb backhands; backhanded; backhanding [+ object]  <br>- She backhanded the ball over the net.  <br>- The shortstop backhanded the ball and threw to first for the out.  <br>6) Batter /ˈbætɚ/ noun   <br>[count] baseball  <br>: a player who is trying to hit the ball : a p
