---
title: "\u092e\u091a \u0917\u092f\u093e \u092c\u0935\u093e\u0932 \u091c\u092c \u092a\u094d\u0930\u093f\u092f\u0902\u0915\u093e \u091a\u094b\u092a\u0921\u093c\u093e \u0928\u0947 \u0915\u0930 \u0926\u0940, \u090f\u0915 \u0930\u093e\u0924 \u0915\u0947 5 \u0915\u0930\u094b\u095c \u0930\u0941\u092a\u090f, \u0915\u0940 \u092e\u093e\u0902\u0917 Priyanka Chopra Controversy"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SKEq_1V0rczuuMwVY/x240"
vid_id: "x7uub0f"
categories: "fun"
tags: ["\u092a\u094d\u0930\u093f\u092f\u0902\u0915\u093e \u091a\u094b\u092a\u0921\u093c\u093e \u0928\u093f\u0915 \u091c\u094b\u0928\u093e\u0938 \u0915\u0947 \u092a\u0939\u0932\u0940 \u0930\u093e\u0924","priyanka chopra","\u092a\u094d\u0930\u093f\u092f\u0902\u0915\u093e \u091a\u094b\u092a\u0921\u093c\u093e \u0915\u0947 \u0917\u093e\u0928\u0947"]
date: "2020-07-07T11:05:11+03:00"
---
गया बवाल जब प्रियंका चोपड़ा ने कर दी, एक रात के 5 करोड़ रुपए, की मांग | Priyanka Chopra Controversy  <br>After wrapping up a schedule of the season three of TV series ‘Quantico’, Priyanka Chopra is all set to return home soon, as she herself revealed in an Instagram post. Having ventured into production now, the actress will obviously have discussions about forthcoming projects and perhaps a film to star in herself, but there seems to be some other grand plans for her in the city.  <br>The actress is all set to perform at a popular awards show to be held in Mumbai on 19 December. While it is normal for any actress to perform at any event, the moolah being offered to her is what is making headlines.  <br>The actress will be paid Rs 4-5 crores for a five-minute performance, which comes out to a crore rupees per minute, according to a report in Mid-day. &quot;Priyanka's act will be about five-minute long. Since she is so much in demand, the organisers did not negotiate on the price her team quoted, despite it coming to almost a-crore-a-minute,&quot; a source told the tabloid.  <br>Her sabbatical from performing at awards for a while and her growing popularity on international platform in the meanwhile might just be the reason for the ‘record-breaking fee.’ Her performance at the event will definitely be the star attraction at the event, despite acts by other actors like Ranveer Singh, Shahid Kapoor, Katrina Kaif, Sidharth Malhotra, Jacqueline Fernandez and Bhumi Pednekar also lined up.
