---
title: "Serena Williams moved to the third round of the open plane after defeating Margarita Gasparian"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SRSQa1VKfC_f_rSjx/x240"
vid_id: "x7vytus"
categories: "sport"
tags: ["serena williams","williams","serena williams highlights"]
date: "2020-09-08T20:58:05+03:00"
duration: "PT3M24S"
---
Serena Williams moved to the third round of the open plane after defeating Margarita Gasparian  <br>Margarita Gasparyan vs Serena WIlliams  <br>serena williams margarita gasparyan,margarita gasparyan,serena williams,serena williams 2020,serena williams us open,serena williams us open 2020,serena williams highlights,serena williams,margarita gasparyan,australian open 2016,serena williams vs margarita gasparyan,serena williams,margarita gasparyan,wimbledon,tennis,highlights,serena,serena highlights,serena highlights 2020,serena 2020,serena us open,tennis on espn,us open highlights,tennis highlights  <br>Serena Williams moved into the third round of the US Open and a step closer to the magic 24.  <br>The 38-year-old American battled past Russian world No117 Margarita Gasparyan 6-2 6-4 on Arthur Ashe.  <br>Williams requires one more grand slam to equal Margaret Court's singles record, but has been stuck on 23 titles since winning the 2017 Australian Open.  <br>But with the field decimated by withdrawals coupled with the shock defeat suffered by top seed Karolina Pliskova on Wednesday, Williams has an increasingly clear run to a seventh Flushing Meadows crown.  <br>Williams will meet fellow American and former champion Sloane Stephens, who beat Olga Govortsova 6-2 6-2, in round three.  <br>&quot;I'm just happy to get through and try to focus on the next round,&quot; said Williams.  <br>Sloane is such a good player, she plays so smooth. She looks like she is not taking a lot of energy and then suddenly bam! Five winners.&quot;  <br>Tsvetana Pironkova stunned Garbine Muguruza to reach the third round of her first tournament for more than three years.  <br>The Bulgarian, a former Wimbledon semi-finalist, retired following the Championships in 2017 and gave birth to her first child, son Alexander, but decided to give the tour another shot earlier this year.  <br>The suspension of professional sport delayed her comeback but she has certainly made up for lost time.  <br>Having beaten Liudmila Samsonova in the first round, Pironkova showed her prowess on fast courts has not diminished by knocking out 10th seed Muguruza 7-5 6-3.  <br>The 32-year-old said: &quot;I guess I was mentally prepared. It's not something super new. At the same time, I was feeling well, I was moving well, I was hitting the ball well. Why not win?&quot;  <br>Muguruza made a late decision to come to New York and knew her lack of preparation could cost her.  <br>That did not stop her showing her frustration with a spectacular smash of her racket after losing the first set, snapping the head clean off.  <br>Australian Open champion Sofia Kenin continued her winning streak at grand slams with a 6-4 6-3 victory over 17-year-old Canadian Leylah Fernandez.  <br>There was an all-teenage battle on Louis Armstrong Stadium, where 19-year-old Amanda Anisimova defeated 16-year-old Katrina Scott 4-6 6-4 6-1.  <br>Anisimova reached the semi-finals of the French Open last summer but pulled out of the US Open following the sudden death of her father and coach Konstantin.  <br>She blew a kiss to the sky after c
