---
title: "WWE RELAUNCHING 90s Faction?! Curt Hawkins To IMPACT! Rey Mysterio Update! WrestleTalk News"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SMBcM1V63dUt8YYXQ/x240"
vid_id: "x7v59cm"
categories: "sport"
tags: ["RELAUNCHING","Faction?!","Hawkins"]
date: "2020-07-28T11:31:03+03:00"
duration: "PT10M33S"
---
How would you book a Nation of Domination relaunch, and who would you put in it? Let me know in the comments...  <br>0:00 - Intro  <br>0:29 - The Undertaker Now Has A TikTok  <br>1:12 - WWE Refuse Rey Mysterio A Raise  <br>3:17 - New WWE Faction Planned  <br>7:04 - IMPACT Wrestling Slammiversary Fallout!  <br>8:29 - Curt Hawkins To Impact  <br>9:14 - More Impact Angles, Huge Title Change  <br>WWE RELAUNCHING 90s Faction?! Curt Hawkins To IMPACT! Rey Mysterio Update! | WrestleTalk News  <br>Watch us on partsFUNknown!   <br>Buy WrestleTalk Merch here!    <br>Subscribe:  | Make sure to enable ALL push notifications!  <br>Watch the latest wrestling news:     <br>WWE RELAUNCHING 90s Faction?! Curt Hawkins To IMPACT! Rey Mysterio Update and more...  <br>Follow WrestleTalk:  <br>Facebook:   <br>Twitter:   <br>Discord:   <br>Watch More WrestleTalk:  <br>WrestleTalk News:    <br>WWE Reviews (Raw, Smackdown &amp; PPVs):    <br>WrestleRamble:    <br>Listen to WrestleTalk's PODCAST on iTunes:   <br>Support WrestleTalk on Patreon:   <br>Get NEWS &amp; UPDATES on WrestleTalk.com:   <br>WrestleTalk Spotify Discover Playlist:   <br>WrestleTalk Office Spotify playlist:   <br>About WrestleTalk:  <br>Welcome to the official WrestleTalk YouTube channel! WrestleTalk covers the sport of professional wrestling - including WWE TV shows (both WWE Raw &amp; WWE SmackDown LIVE), PPVs (such as Royal Rumble, WrestleMania &amp; SummerSlam), Impact Wrestling, ROH, New Japan, and more. Subscribe and enable ALL notifications for the latest wrestling WWE highlights, wrestling news, WWE 2K19 updates, and wrestlers exposed.  <br>Sources used for research:  <br>Slammiversary beats social media records -   <br>Curt Hawkins to IMPACT -   <br>More IMPACT angles, huge tag title change -   <br>Evolve and wXw on Network by end of year -   <br>New faction planned for Raw (Nation of Domination) -   <br>Orton vs McIntyre -   <br>R
