---
title: "Bollywood scandals and affairs - Rajesh Khanna, Dilip Kumar to Pooja Bhatt, Mahesh Bhatt"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SN-GR1VBTd9k_LoRS/x240"
vid_id: "x7vfbq3"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Bollywood","scandals","affairs"]
date: "2020-08-09T20:15:10+03:00"
duration: "PT20M25S"
---
The entertainment industry is also marred by scandals, untoward accusations, and love triangles as presented by the media and the famous legendary stars whom everybody loved and looked upto are also not spared. The Amitabh-Rekha affair which will live on for long time as on of the most talked about affair among Bollywood actors. The affairs and tiffs between stars concerning their women of interest like Salman Khan and Vivek Oberoi. Stories of womanising stars, filmy event in real life as presented by the media on TV. Infidelity and the affairs of married actors like Dilip Kumar. Flings and dating history of Bollywood director Pooja Bhatt and the list of her alleged boyfriends. This footage is part of the broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest HD and 4K collection from South Asia. The collection comprises of 150, 000+ hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on 4K, 200 fps slow motion and Full HD. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewing and production solutions across South Asia. We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... Please subscribe to our channel wildfilmsindia on Youtube  and The Best of India at  for a steady stream of videos from across India. Also, visit and enjoy your journey across India at www.clipahoy.com , India's first video-based social networking experience. Reach us at rupindang [at] gmail [dot] com and admin@wildfilmsindia.com To SUBSCRIBE click the below link:  and  Like &amp; Follow Us on: Facebook:  Website:  #WildFilmsIndia #WildernessFilmsIndia #BroadcastStockFootage
