---
title: "20 Best National Parks In India Wildlife Sanctuaries India - TravelTriangle"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SRpYw1VM3jDBW3trR/x240"
vid_id: "x7w0uyi"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["National","Parks","India"]
date: "2020-09-10T05:13:03+03:00"
duration: "PT2M54S"
---
List of 20 Best National Parks In India :  <br>1. Jim Corbett National Park - Home to Bengal tigers, Nainital  <br>The #JimCorbett national park is famous for multiple reasons and being the oldest national park in India tells the tale. Known to conserve the Bengal tigers, the park is situated within the serene valleys of Ramnagar, Uttarakhand  <br>2. Gir Forest National Park - Home to Asiatic lions, Gujarat  <br>The jungles of Gir cannot be ignored while formulating the list of national parks in India. The park is known to house the rare species of Asiatic Lion and a safari is the best way to observe these magnificent creatures.  <br>3. Sariska National Park - Dry deciduous forests, grasslands, and rocky hills  <br>One of the most elegant national parks in India is the #Sariska in Alwar, Rajasthan. Nestled in the Aravali hills, get the best experience through camel safaris, wildlife watching and visiting the medieval places.  <br>4. Ranthambore National Park - Located at the junction of the Aravali and Vindhya hill range, Rajasthan  <br>Another amazing national park in Rajasthan, the #Ranthambore is a world within itself. With a huge amount of flora and fauna, you can also tour the fort and discover 2 other wildlife sanctuaries bordering Ranthambore National Park.  <br>5. Nagarhole National Park - Home to tigers and Asian elephants, Karnataka  <br>Located in the Nilgiri Biosphere Reserve, the park is filled with lush sandalwood and teak trees. Catch a view of the Brahmagiri Mountains with the Kabini river cutting through the landscape. The amazing national park in India is home to tigers, Asian elephants and a variety of birds.  <br>6. Kaziranga National Park - The world’s largest population of Indian one-horned rhinoceroses, Assam   <br>7. Sundarban National Park - Home to the Royal Bengal tiger, West Bengal  <br>8. Satpura National Park - A pristine wildlife habitat located in Hoshangabad, MP  <br>9. Eravikulam National Park - Located along the Western Ghats in the Idukki, Kerala  <br>10. Pench National Park - Located in the heart of India, MP  <br>11. Kanha National Park - A vast expanse of grassland and forest, MP  <br>12. Bandhavgarh Tiger Reserve - known for its large population of royal Bengal tigers, MP  <br>13. Bandipur National Park - A tiger reserve established in 1974, Karnataka  <br>14. Periyar National Park - Home to rare lion-tailed macaques and tigers, Kerala   <br>15. Manas National Park - A UNESCO Natural World Heritage site, Assam  <br>16. The Great Himalayan National Park - A kaleidoscope of alpine flora and fauna, Himachal  <br>17. Sanjay Gandhi National Park - Offers a host of activities from trekking, safaris, cycling in Maharashtra  <br>18. Rajaji National Park - An Indian national park and tiger reserve, Uttrakhand  <br>19. Bharatpur National Park - Home to over 230 species of birds, Rajasthan  <br>20. Dudhwa National Park - A national park in the Terai belt of marshy grasslands, UP
