---
title: "Andrew Eborn ADDICTION, RECOVERY, SOBRIETY & RECLAIMING THE AUTHENTIC SELF with NICK JORDAN"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SPtHp1VGGmBO02oeJ/x240"
vid_id: "x7vpy7n"
categories: "lifestyle"
tags: ["ADDICTION","RECOVERY","SOBRIETY  RECLAIMING THE AUTHENTIC SELF with NICK JORDAN"]
date: "2020-08-26T04:53:04+03:00"
duration: "PT35M47S"
---
Andrew Eborn is joined by writer &amp; media consultant Nick Jordan from Murwillumbah, New South Wales, Australia.   <br>In a powerful &amp; brave interview Nick Jordan talks about his own battle with alcohol, his alcoholic mother, coping mechanisms, rehab, lock-down,  pattern of destruction,  explaining addiction to children, family &amp; friends as well as the importance of seeking help....   <br>‘Every lie we tell incurs a debt to the truth. Sooner or later, that debt is paid.’  <br>If you would like to be involved write to Guests@OctopusTV.com  <br>- from all walks of life including major public figures and celebrities, legends of sports, music, film theatre, titans of industry as well as everyday heroes  <br>Andrew Eborn, President of Octopus TV &amp; Knot The Truth, is a renowned international lawyer, producer, strategist, futurist, brand adviser, broadcaster, mentalist, magician &amp; inspirational speaker.   <br>Andrew Eborn's interview technique.. similar to Michael Parkinson.  Better than going to a fun Show-Biz party. So good at his job Exudes warmth but a little dangerous in case he leads you on to indiscretions. He gives you the feeling &quot;just between you and me,&quot; without actually saying it. In this way, he knows there is something behind what you are saying even when you manage to shut up about it.   <br>As a lawyer, he knows what questions to ask. As a showbiz personality, he understands that flattery can get someone nearly everywhere.  <br>He makes the event into a party.It is a joyful experience.Thank you, Andrew, for inviting me to your party. Xx Aline Waites,  <br>UKTI Rob Walker &quot; Andrew Eborn is an inspirational ambassador for the technology, media and sport sectors and a powerful advocate for British business&quot;  <br>“Magical “ Sir David Frost&quot;  <br>Andrew Eborn is a very talented interviewer. Andrew is a barrister , magician a true showman. When Andrew interviews his subject he makes them feel extremely relaxed &amp; a joy to work with.&quot; Linda Rifkind  <br>Andrew Eborn is “an extraordinary interviewer” James Fortune, Hollywood Director“Brilliant” The Magic Circular  <br>Paul Gordon &quot;Andrew Eborn has now interviewed me twice. He's very good at it too because he asks tough questions without being tough and - like Sir Michael Parkinson - he asks questions the viewer would like to ask.&quot;  <br>&quot; If it wasn’t for Andrew Eborn I would not have had the power to do what I am doing. ,,,,&quot; Charmaine  <br>&quot;I like your interview style. It’s buzzy, prepared and strong. You do it very well&quot;  <br>&quot;Brilliant and buzzing&quot; Ed Hood  <br>&quot; Easily one of the best interviews I've ever had &quot; - Andy Kyriacou, Moderm Romance  <br>Elizabeth Evangelista  &quot;Andrew Eborn is a bloody natural !&quot;   <br>&quot;Andrew Eborn is  electric, magnetic, and his intelligence in the music business and on the history of London is just mind-boggling !&quot;  <br>&quot;Andrew Eborn is not only educating me ~ but entertaining me also ! ~ Andrew is priceless !  <br>Lazar Vukovic &quot; Andrew Eborn -  A man born to entertain&quot;  <br>Jon D' Amore &quot; Andrew is a MAGNIFICENT interviewer.  <br>
