---
title: "Rani Mukerji on her early days in Bollywood"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SPXFm1VFuf8RdLzkG/x240"
vid_id: "x7vo0kw"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Mukerji","early","Bollywood"]
date: "2020-08-25T07:52:04+03:00"
duration: "PT3M3S"
---
Popular Bollywood actor Rani Mukherji talks about her early career, her fashion and the roles in films she has done over the years. Rani Mukherji: &quot; When I began my career I never planned it how I would do it because my getting into the industry is coincidental. It has been very spontaneous. I've never planned my roles, I've never planned my characters. I've done it with my instinct and I have accepted roles spontaneously and I have been part of those films cause it was destined to be but today yes I do stop and I do hear my role. If I get very excited and for me, I think if I can relate with my character, if I can feel moved by my character then if I feel as an audience I'd enjoy watching the film, I would be part of the film.&quot; Rani Mukerji on her career in the early days and her roles in Bollywood films. &quot;I had begun my career, I never planned it, how I would do it because my getting into the industry has been very coincidental. Its been very spontaneous. So I've never planned my roles, I've never planned my films. I've done it with my instincts and I've accepted roles very spontaneously and I've been a part of those films because I was destined to be but today yes I do stop and I hear my role. If I get very excited and for me, if I can relate with my character if I can feel moved by the character and if I feel that as an audience, Rani Mukerji: born 21 March 1978) is an Indian film actress. One of the most popular and highest-paid Hindi film actresses in the 2000s, she has received several awards, including seven Filmfare Awards. Her roles have been cited in the media as a significant departure from previous screen portrayals of Indian women. Although Mukerji was born into the Mukherjee-Samarth family, in which her parents and relatives were members of the Indian film industry, she did not aspire to pursue a career in film. As a teenager she dabbled with acting by playing a supporting role in her father's Bengali-language film Biyer Phool (1996) and accepted a leading role in the 1996 social drama Raja Ki Aayegi Baraat on the insistence of her mother. She then began a full-time career in films and the 1998 action drama Ghulam was her first commercial success. She gained wider recognition for a supporting role in the romance Kuch Kuch Hota Hai (1998). The year 2002 marked a turning point for Mukerji when she was cast by Yash Raj Films as the star of the drama Saathiya. Source: Wikipedia This footage is part of the broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest HD and 4K collection from South Asia. The collection comprises of 150, 000+ hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on 4K, 200 fps slow motion and Full HD. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewing and production solutions across South Asia. We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the
