---
title: "India's tallest man dies in Hyderabad"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SSF1H1VMaQqlXZD-J/x240"
vid_id: "x7w39sh"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["India's","tallest","Hyderabad"]
date: "2020-09-13T01:11:02+03:00"
duration: "PT1M31S"
---
Kolipaka Gattaiah , the tallest man in India, died of heart attack at the ESI hospital in Hyderabad. His body was cremated at his village Putnoor in Ramagundam mandal of Karimnagar district. He was also adjudged the second tallest man in Asia. Gattaiah stood tall at an astounding height of 7.6 feet when he was just 16. According to doctors, it was genetic disorders that triggered his growth. However after the intervention of former Ramagundam CI Brahmanandam, doctors stunted his growth through surgery, years ago. If it hadn’t been for the surgery, he would have grown exponentially and he would have met with an earlier death. Gattaiah was a shepherd during his childhood, but he capitalised on his unusual height and started amusing visitors at Silparamam in Hyderabad. He eked out a living by entertaining the visitors and also used to support his mother Narsamma with his meagre income. It is said that Gattaiah had been suffering from various ailments. He was admitted to the ESI hospital in Hyderabad recently with respiratory problems and breathed his last. The locals said they were proud of Gattaiah, who made the village famous. However, many of them rued that the government had never helped him. “He would have lived longer, if the governments have come to his rescue,” lamented M Satyanarayana, a villager. While Gattaiah’s father died long back, his mother Narsamma is staying with her elder son. Source : newindianexpress.com This footage is part of the professionally-shot broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of HD imagery from South Asia. The collection comprises of 100, 000+ hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on HDCAM / SR 1080i High Definition, Alexa, SR, XDCAM and 4K. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewing and production solutions across South Asia. We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... Please subscribe to our channel wildfilmsindia on Youtube for a steady stream of videos from across India. Also, visit and enjoy your journey across India at www.clipahoy.com , India's first video-based social networking experience! Reach us at rupindang [at] gmail [dot] com and admin@wildfilmsindia.com To SUBSCRIBE click the below link: www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WildFilmsIndia Like &amp; Follow Us on: Facebook: www.facebook.com/WildernessFilmsIndiaLimited Website: www.wildfilmsindia.com  <br>
