---
title: "QuaranTeens - Teenagers Reveal What Being in Quarantine During Covid-19 is Really Like"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SPL0S1VEnnEEWvLwa/x240"
vid_id: "x7vmxwc"
categories: "lifestyle"
tags: ["QuaranTeens","Teenagers","Reveal"]
date: "2020-08-18T14:34:04+03:00"
duration: "PT5M35S"
---
We asked a group of teenagers from the SheKnows Hatch program about their experience during the unprecedented COVID-19 quarantine.   <br>Video transcript:  <br>Emma: During my online history class, my mom came in to my room in a towel and asked if I was still in class, when indeed, the whole class could see her. Then she goes &quot;Oh, whoops!&quot; and runs out of the room. My whole class laughed very hard.  <br>Reed: To address the obvious, yes, currently I am a cat. I was missing my friends in social isolation... like I miss walking in the halls with them, and just talking. So I was like, who hates people more than cats? No one. So that's what I'll become. I don't think I'm doing well without people... I'm a 15-year-old dressed as a cat. There's a breakdown coming.  <br>Julia: Right now, homeschooling isn't bad. We've been doing our classes through video chat.  <br>Juno: Though you'd expect it to be less stressful, because you'd have more time to do homework, somehow, I feel like teachers have been compensating by giving us more work.  <br>Jojo: For me, homeschooling has been really difficult. I've had a really hard time focusing. I've been handing in assignments late, I've been texting my friends during class... it's really quite awful.  <br>Jack: Now there are complaints about too much screen time at my school, so they're cutting class time down and dishing out more homework. Which isn't great.  <br>Juno: I don't think my eyes are ready for 6 hours of screen time, like, school, and then after school, doing homework on the screen... I just don't think it's really healthy.  <br>Julia: I've been going on my phone 10 hours a day, on average.  <br>Gabrielle: 10 and a half hours on my phone a day, it's really bad.  <br>Henry: I've just been watching movies, texting people...  <br>Jackson: ... playing video games...  <br>Julia: ... Instagram, Messages, and TikTok.  <br>Henry: The funniest thing my mom did was she downloaded TikTok and has been doing dances. I don't even have TikTok!  <br>Evan: The funniest thing that my parents have done during quarantine is spend hours trying to teach my grandma how to pick up a FaceTime call so we can talk to her. Because she always tries to pick up her land line, and that never really works out.  <br>Jojo: I'm so unproductive. I have all this time on my hands that I'm just not using for anything.   <br>Gabrielle: I just feel so lonely all the time. Like, I talk to my friends, but as soon as I'm done talking to them, I'm like, &quot;Oh my god, where did everyone go?&quot;  <br>Jojo: I've been really low-energy. I've been really depressed. It's fun.  <br>Max: If I could go &quot;outside&quot; outside right now, I would probably go play basketball. It's just my way to clear my mind and be happy.  <br>Jackson: I do a lot of roller-blading. I play tennis with my parents.  <br>Reed: I have a Zoom meeting with my tae-kwon-do instructor.   <br>Julia: [I've been doing] Pilates with my mom.  <br>Reed: I'm not worried about the coronavirus for myself, like getting it, because I believe that I'd probably be fine.  <br>Jojo: My biggest fear is being a carrier for coronavirus, and spreading it to my family and loved ones who are immunocompromised.   <br>Max: What scares me most right now is the pace it's picking up throughout the world.  <br>Jackson: I feel like every day it hits a little closer to home.  <br>Henry: What scares me the most is my grandparents getting it.  <br>Reed: My grandma loves to come over, she loves to garden in our yard and help out wherever she can, but like, I'm so worried for her.  <br>Jack: Favorite things about quarantine: everybody's here, I have a lot of free time. Least favorite things about quarantine: everybody's always here, I have too much free time.  <br>Jackson: Not having to actually go to school.  <br>Reed: I'm so happy I don't have to get up as early anymore.  <br>Emma: Quarantine has also given me much more time to watch Netflix.  <br>Max: We have a lot more meals together, which is really nice.  <br>Reed: Staying inside can get kind of sad.  <br>Julia: Feeling trapped and not getting fresh air.  <br>Jackson: I really like to go outside and play a lot of sports with my friends, and obviously we can't do that, and all the organized sports that I'm in have been cancelled.  <br>Emma: I tried to go to the park with one of my friends, and my mom came and yelled, &quot;10 feet! Stay 10 feet away!&quot;  before making me come home because we were only 8 feet away.
