---
title: "Sara Ali Khan's mother: Bollywood actress Amrita Singh on Manmohan Desai"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SLeat1V4-m67R3WRy/x240"
vid_id: "x7v26nr"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Khan's","mother:","Bollywood"]
date: "2020-07-21T13:12:04+03:00"
duration: "PT2M7S"
---
Hindi film actress Amrita Singh speaks about film Director Manmohan Desai. She says &quot; Manmohan Desai as a man as a filmmaker he is great fun.. he is crazy. He spring various surprises. He is great entertainer. he is nice person.. very warm hearted. Amrita Singh is an Indian film and television actress. Singh made her Bollywood debut in 1983 with Betaab, an immensely successful film in which she was paired with Sunny Deol. This was quickly followed by a succession of hits, such as: Sunny in 1984, Mard (which was the biggest hit of that year) and Saaheb in 1985, Chameli Ki Shaadi and Naam in 1986 and Khudgarz in 1987. Singh made a successful pair in several films not only with Sunny Deol and Sanjay Dutt, but also with Anil Kapoor and Amitabh Bachchan, two leading actors of the 1980s. As well as playing leading roles, she also played supporting negative roles in films such as Raju Ban Gaya Gentleman (1992) and Aaina (1993). She also won the Filmfare Best Supporting Actress Award for the latter. These successes did not dissuade her from her resolve to retire into family life and she quit acting after her appearance in the 1993 film Rang. Manmohan Desai was a producer and director of Indian movies. Manmohan Desai was known for his family-centered, action-song-and-dance films which catered to the tastes of the Indian masses and through which he achieved great success. His movies defined a new genre called masala films. His best known super-hit movies were Amar Akbar Anthony and Dharam Veer. He had a string of hits with Amitabh Bachchan in the 70s and early 80s which helped cement Bachchan's status as a superstar of Indian cinema. He worked with Amitabh on Amar Akbar Anthony, Parvarish, Suhaag, Naseeb, Desh Premee, Coolie, Mard and Ganga Jamuna Saraswati; all but the last were box office successes. He was one of the directors who had a special working relationship with Amitabh Bachchan, the others being Yash Chopra, Prakash Mehra, Ramesh Sippy, and Hrishikesh Mukherjee. Of these, only Yash Chopra went on to make hits beyond the 1980s. Source: wikipedia This footage is part of the broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of HD imagery from South Asia. The collection comprises of 150, 000+ hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on 4K, 200 fps slow motion, Full HD, HDCAM 1080i High Definition, Alexa and XDCAM. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewing and production solutions across South Asia. We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... Please subscribe to our channel wildfilmsindia on Youtube www.youtube.com/wildfilmsindia for a steady stream of videos from across India. Also, visit and enjoy your journey across India at www.clipahoy.com , India's first video-based social networking experience. Reach us at rupindang [at] gm
