---
title: "Star Wars: Squadrons \u2013 Single Player Preview Gamescom 2020"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SQVb-1VI22tUFmyT7/x240"
vid_id: "x7vthmm"
categories: "videogames"
tags: ["xboxviewtv","star wars","star wars squadrons"]
date: "2020-08-28T05:33:05+03:00"
duration: "PT3M23S"
---
Fly as two opposing pilots in STAR WARS: Squadrons’ thrilling single-player story, set shortly after the destruction of the second Death Star.   <br>Though shattered after the Battle of Endor, the Galactic Empire closes in on the Bormea Sector, determined to crush the recently-formed New Republic. The Republic’s classified Project Starhawk represents a tipping point in the Galactic Civil War, and ace pilots on each side will be instrumental in its outcome. Get a first look at an early Imperial mission in the single-player story of STAR WARS: Squadrons, where you must fly behind enemy lines to extract an allied spy with vital intelligence on the project.   <br>Buckle up and experience this action-packed and authentic STAR WARS™ story – following the events in Return of the Jedi – from both sides of the conflict in the cockpits of iconic starfighters. STAR WARS: Squadrons is available October 2, 2020 on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, PC on EA.com, Steam, and Epic Games Store, and playable in Virtual Reality (VR) on PlayStation 4 and PC with cross-play support.  <br>The New Republic fights for freedom. The Empire demands order. Do you have what it takes to join the galaxy’s finest?  <br>Get briefed:   <br>About STAR WARS: Squadrons:  <br>ALL WINGS REPORT IN – Plan skirmishes with your squadron in the briefing room before taking off to the evolving battlefields across the galaxy. Compete in intense 5v5 multiplayer dogfights or unite with your squadron to tip the scales in monumental fleet battles. Together, you’re the galaxy’s finest.  <br>MASTER LEGENDARY STARFIGHTERS – Take control of different classes of starfighters from both the New Republic and Imperial fleets – including the agile A-wing and the devastating TIE bomber. Modify your ship, divert the power between its systems, and destroy your opponents in strategic space dogfights.  <br>GET IN THE COCKPIT – The cockpit is your home. Use its dashboards to your advantage and – with just a thin hull of metal and glass between you and the perils of space – feel the intensity of combat from a first-person perspective. Take off in thrilling multiplayer modes and a unique single-player STAR WARS™ story, which covers a key campaign near the conclusion of the Galactic Civil War. Immerse yourself in the pilot’s seat completely with the option to play the entirety of STAR WARS: Squadrons in Virtual Reality (VR) on PSVR and PC.  <br>THE MISSION IS CLEAR – STAR WARS: Squadrons is a fully self-contained experience from day one, where you earn rewards through play. Climb the ranks and unlock new components like weapons, hulls, engines, shields, and cosmetic items in a clear path for progression that keeps gameplay fresh and engaging.
