---
title: "Unseen footage shows moment of Beirut explosion in 4K slow motion"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SOW_K1VCfWnIKhn4w/x240"
vid_id: "x7vidhw"
categories: "news"
tags: ["explosion","news","motion"]
date: "2020-08-12T16:28:04+03:00"
duration: "PT2M37S"
---
Never before seen footage shows the shocking moment an explosion rocked the port of Lebanon's capital city, Beirut, on Tuesday (August 4), at approximately 6 pm local time.  <br>The HD 4K video, recorded on an iPhone SE by Agoston Nemeth, a 42-year-old therapist from Budapest, Hungary, shows loud rumbling, as black smoke engulfs the sky, before a huge mushroom cloud and visible blast wave blows out the windows, rushing towards the camera and knocking it over.  <br>Nemeth's footage was captured on the terrace of his home, on the 13th floor of building next to St George Hospital, only 850 meters from the explosion.  <br>He told Newsflare: &quot;That evening, I heard some firework type of noise. It's not unusual here in Lebanon, but it was so intense, so loud that I went out to the terrace. I noticed flames and in a warehouse in the port. I heard them first, like the sound of small fireworks. It was about 5.40 pm, and I went out and took some pictures from the terrace. I thought the firefighters would arrive soon, and I wanted to record them coming and put out the fire. I left my iPhone outside on the terrace, propped up on a handrail, and left it recording at around 5.50 pm.  <br>&quot;At 6 pm I had my therapy session with a client. Five minutes after I started the session, I heard a bigger explosion. I noticed it had escalated, so I told my client to stay there, and I checked the explosion. I was getting nervous. I went out with my camera, and I noticed it was getting bigger and bigger, some huge flames came out and suddenly there was this, 'boom.'  <br>&quot;It was something I could not get away from. I experienced this white-hot glass exploding. I don't know if I jumped or the shock waves pushed me, and I found myself on the floor. I don't know how much time passed. I noticed shattering glass and people screaming. I looked around and saw this huge orange cloud above me.  <br>&quot;Then I stood up and took some pictures and video. I didn't know if the building would collapse. Shortly after my fiancé called me, she was four or five kilometers away but also felt the blast around her.&quot;  <br>Nemeth also told Newsflare about his now damaged apartment, that he has lived in since January 1, 2019, with his Hungarian fiancé, who works for an international organisation.  <br>&quot;After the blast, I saw our apartment completely demolished, completely destroyed. Clothes, books, the bed, furniture - everything mixed with glass,&quot; he said.  <br>&quot;Yesterday (August 6) we went back to the apartment to rescue some stuff. I saw the table on the terrace - there was one piece of glass inside the tabletop that was one centimetre deep. When my fiancee arrived she could see the metal elevator door was displaced. And I saw the walls and stairs had blood, handmarks with blood, people were all over the place injured. I could smell blood. My apartment is still in pieces now, three days on.&quot;  <br>Nemeth continued: &quot;Once you visit Lebanon, you fall in love with it. I cannot pinpoint one thing, its the whole thing. It's terrible. I'm in shock, the first day I was in 'doing' mode. I was so active I couldn't even sleep, maybe two hours. The next day I was very active, but I was completely numb. I had to check my whole body to see if it hurt. I started to realise how lucky I was when I saw the glass stuck in the table. And now I feel guilty. Not everybody was that lucky. I was extremely lucky to be this close but didn't get hurt at all. I have some bruises in my shoulder but that's all, most likely from when the blast waves pushed me to the ground.&quot;  <br>On Friday (August 7) Lebanese Health Minister Hamad Hassan confirmed that 154 people were killed in the explosion and more than 5,000 residents were injured.
