---
title: "Shammi Kapoor- Indian film actor speaks out"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SM3vc1V62WXaaBMaC/x240"
vid_id: "x7v4l0m"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Shammi","Kapoor-","Indian"]
date: "2020-07-25T05:21:04+03:00"
duration: "PT17M57S"
---
Indian actor Shammi Kapoor speaks about the fun time he spent on the sets of film Aag. He says &quot; When Raj Jee made Aag he was 22, and I was 15, I was in school during my pre-metric days and for us the making of Aag was like one big picnic whenever we were off school we went on his sets.. Free food, free lunches.. free dinners and because those days they had to shoot at night. For us it was one big holiday. It didn't quite register that he was out there directing a movie, producing a movie for the first time. From an actor he'd become an actor, producer,director but that didn't quite make any difference to us at that age. It was modestly fun part of it sitting behind Premnath's motor cycle carrying lunch boxes from the Coronation the bar hotel and eating out together sometime.&quot; Shammi Kapoor (born Shamsher Raj Kapoor; 21 October 1931–14 August 2011) was an Indian film actor and director. He was a prominent lead actor in Hindi cinema from the late 1950s until the early 1970s and also made a debut in Tamil cinema with the 1992 blockbuster crime drama Amaran. He received the Filmfare Best Actor Award in 1968 for his performance in Brahmachari and Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor for Vidhaata in 1982. Shammi Kapoor is hailed as one of the most entertaining lead actors that Hindi cinema has ever produced. He was one of the leading stars of Hindi cinema during the late 1950s, the 1960s and early 1970s. He made his Hindi Film debut in 1953 with the film Jeevan Jyoti, and went on to deliver hits like Tumsa Nahin Dekha, Dil Deke Dekho, Singapore, Junglee, College Girl, Professor, China Town, Pyaar Kiya To Darna Kya, Kashmir Ki Kali, Janwar, Teesri Manzil, An Evening in Paris, Bramhachari, Andaz and Sachaai. Source: Wikipedia This footage is part of the broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of HD imagery from South Asia. The collection comprises of 150, 000+ hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on 4K, 200 fps slow motion, Full HD, HDCAM 1080i High Definition, Alexa and XDCAM. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewing and production solutions across South Asia. We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... Please subscribe to our channel wildfilmsindia on Youtube www.youtube.com/wildfilmsindia for a steady stream of videos from across India. Also, visit and enjoy your journey across India at www.clipahoy.com , India's first video-based social networking experience. Reach us at rupindang [at] gmail [dot] com and admin@wildfilmsindia.com To SUBSCRIBE click the below link: www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WildFilmsIndia Like &amp; Follow Us on: Facebook: www.facebook.com/WildernessFilmsIndiaLimited Website: www.wildfilmsindia.com
