---
title: "Dailymotion Elevate: Sophie Auster - 'Let It Be Spring' live at Cafe Bohemia, NYC"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SL63k1V37ZD96xbpk/x240"
vid_id: "x7uz5ke"
categories: "music"
tags: ["one on one","session","live"]
date: "2020-07-15T00:15:16+03:00"
duration: "PT3M31S"
---
Sophie Auster sits down for a One On One Session at  Cafe Bohemia New York   <br>For more info visit:   Audio &amp; Video by: Ehud Lazin  <br>Setlist:  <br>Rising Sun  <br>Simply The Best (Tina Turner)  <br>Say You're The One  <br>Let It Be Spring  <br>SOPHIE AUSTER RELEASED HER SELF-TITLED DEBUT UNDER THE FRENCH LABEL NAÏVE WHEN SHE WAS ONLY 18 YEARS OLD. WHILE STILL AT SARAH LAWRENCE COLLEGE, SOPHIE TOURED AND PLAYED FESTIVALS ACROSS EUROPE AND SOUTH AMERICA ON HER SCHOOL VACATIONS. THEN IN 2007, SOPHIE APPEARED ON THE COVER OF SPANISH ROLLING STONE. SINCE THEN SHE’S BEEN FEATURED IN VOGUE, ELLE, LES INROCKS, SPIN, GLAMOUR, PARIS MATCH, ROLLING STONE, VELVET, PAPER, NYLON, PORTER, AND WAS SPOTLIGHTED AS ONE OF W MAGAZINE'S RISING YOUNG STARS. IN 2012, “RED WEATHER” WAS RELEASED AS AN EP. THE MUSIC HIGHLIGHTS HER VISCERAL VOCALS AND HEART-WRENCHING LYRICS. “SOPHIE AUSTER IS NOT THE KIND OF SINGER LIKELY TO COME UP TOO OFTEN. LIKE A CROSS BETWEEN FIONA APPLE’S RIGHTEOUS RAGE AND GILLIAN WELCH’S HOMESPUN FOLK YARNS, WRAPPED UP IN SOME OF THE MOST ALLURING, SEDUCTIVE TORCH SONGS YOU’RE LIABLE TO FIND...”(MIKE LEVINE, THE DELI). AS ALWAYS, SOPHIE WRITES HER OWN MUSIC.  <br>SOPHIE’S 2015 FULL-LENGTH ALBUM, “DOGS AND MEN” HAS BEEN PRAISED BY THE NEW YORK TIMES FOR ITS &quot;SULTRY, FOLKSY VOCALS&quot; AND W MAGAZINE CALLED IT &quot;SOARING.&quot; JOHN OSBURN OF THE ACCLAIMED MUSIC BLOG, OBSBURT RAVES: &quot;EACH SONG WAS A REALIZATION, AND A HIGH POINT. HER VOICE IS RELENTLESSLY SURPRISING. SHE FILLS UP LYRICS LIKE BALLOONS, EVERY WORD A BUBBLE OF MEANING.”  <br>“NEXT TIME” THE FORTHCOMING ALBUM BY SOPHIE AUSTER, PRODUCED BY TORE JOHANSSON, (NEW ORDER, FRANZ FERDINAND, THE CARDIGANS, MARTHA WAINWRIGHT) SHOWS A MORE EVOLVED SOUND FROM THE SONGSTRESS. HARKENING BACK TO 60S GIRL GROUPS, PEGGY LEE, AND 70’S SOUL, “NEXT TIME” BRINGS THE SOUNDS OF AUSTER’S CHILDHOOD TO THE PRESENT DAY. “THE ALBUM IS A REFLECTION OF MOVING ON AND GETTING BACK UP AGAIN. SOMETIMES HUMOROUS, SOMETIMES SERIOUS, BUT THE THREAD THAT TIES THE WORK TOGETHER IS THE IDEA THAT NEXT TIME I’LL BE BETTER. NEXT TIME I’LL LEARN FROM MY MISTAKES”, SAYS SOPHIE. THROUGH AN INTRODUCTION BY FRIEND AND FELLOW SONGWRITER, NICOLE ATKINS, JOHANSSON AND AUSTER BEGAN WORKING TOGETHER IN THE SWEDISH COUNTRYSIDE OVER THE PAST YEAR. DELVING THROUGH DOZENS OF SONGS WRITTEN BY AUSTER, JOHANSSON AND MUSICAL PARTER MARTIN GJERSTAD, WORKED ON ARRANGING THE SELECTED MATERIAL WITH SOPHIE. THE PROCESS HAS CULMINATED INTO AUSTER’S STRONGEST WORK YET.
