---
title: "KLM Royal Dutch Airlines vs Turkish Airlines I Aviation Ad"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SMtfB1V85Ax0EP2BV/x240"
vid_id: "x7v94jv"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Royal","Dutch","Airlines"]
date: "2020-08-05T13:49:06+03:00"
duration: "PT3M19S"
---
Video Credit:  <br>*KLM Royal Dutch Airlines (KLM Moving Your World)  <br>KLM – Moving Your World  <br>If you want to explore new horizons, we’ll take you there. If you yearn to visit remote places, or simply want to go home, you can call on us. We love to bring people together. And along the way, we work hard to give you the very best care. Because we realise our job is much bigger than just taking you from A to B. We are KLM for you. #KLM  <br>KLM – 放飛你的世界  <br>如果您希望探索新視野，我們會帶您去那裡。如果您嚮往去遙遠的地方旅行，或者您只是想回到家鄉，您可以致電聯繫我們。我們喜歡將人們聚集在一起。一路上，我們會努力為您提供最好的照料。因為我們的工作不僅僅只是將您從一個地方帶到另一個地方。而是為您提供最貼心服務的荷航。  <br>*Turkish Airlines (WE’R From Turkey - Turkish Airlines)  <br>Do you remember all the delightful flavors you tasted here? Keep your best memories of Turkey alive with our carefully selected products. www.wearefromturkey.com  <br>#TurkishAirlines  <br>About Turkish Airlines:  <br>Established in 1933 with a fleet of five aircraft, Star Alliance member Turkish Airlines is the airline that flies to more countries and international destinations than any other airline in the world. Turkish Airlines has a fleet of over 300 (passenger and cargo) aircraft flying to over 300 destinations worldwide.  <br>Since April 2019, Turkey’s national flag carrier is operating from its new hub, Istanbul Airport, which is set to be the world’s largest with an annual passenger capacity of 200 million once all phases are complete. Recognized for its excellent products and services around the globe, Turkish Airlines bridges cultures and continents from its hub in Istanbul, with Turkish hospitality at its heart. More information about Turkish Airlines can be found on its official website www.turkishairlines.com or its social media accounts on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, LinkedIn, and Instagram.  <br>Türk Hava Yolları Hakkında:  <br>1933 yılında 5 uçaktan oluşan mütevazı bir filo ile kurulan Star Alliance üyesi Türk Hava Yolları, bugün 300’den fazla (yolcu ve kargo) uçak yer alan filosu ile dünyada 300’den fazla noktaya uçan havayolu şirketidir. Türkiye’nin bayrak taşıyıcı havayolu Nisan 2019’dan bu yana, tüm aşamaları tamamlandıktan sonra yıllık 200 milyon yolcu kapasitesiyle dünyanın en büyük havalimanı olacak İstanbul Havalimanı’nda faaliyet gösteriyor.  <br>Dünya genelindeki mükemmel ürün ve hizmetleri ile tanınan Türk Hava Yolları, Türk misafirperverliği ile İstanbul'daki merkezinde kültürleri ve kıtaları birbirine bağlıyor. Türk Hava Yolları ile ilgili daha geniş bilgiye www.turkishairlines.com web adresinden veya Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, LinkedIn ve Instagram hesapları üzerinden ulaşılabilir.  <br>
