---
title: "Bhavnagar - Journeys in India"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SOd5p1VDTMbYRYkLO/x240"
vid_id: "x7viws3"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Bhavnagar","Journeys","India"]
date: "2020-08-14T18:55:10+03:00"
duration: "PT27M59S"
---
<br>Travel can be a tricky thing—sometimes you can underplay and find yourself stranded without a hotel or transportation or worse, in some peril. On the other hard, you can so over think it so much that there are oversized expectations that can never be realized, the actual trip seems like a consolation prize to the planning process or worse it takes the wonder and surprise out of the experience. Admittedly, I am of the latter. I want to plan 110% with one or better two back up plans. That probably comes from my tour background. But then there are times that wonderfully background. But then there are times that wonderfully unexpected smacks you in the face and you have a memory to last a lifetime—that is what happened over and over again in the Bhavnagar region of Gujurat. Magnificent temples built on a mountain, wildlife in untold numbers and the mining for a mineral we all use way too much each day. So join me in Bhavnagar—Land of Surprises. Bhavnagar is located in the state of Gujarat located in the extreme northwestern part of India. Within Gujarat, the city is in the south. It is located 120 miles from the state capital of Gandhinagar. Found in 1724 by Bhavsinhiji Goil—it was the capital of the principality of Bhavnagar that was only dissolved when it merged to form India in 1948. With a population near 1 million, it has always been an important trade city. Just 30 miles away is the world’s largest port making it a major distribution point. This footage is part of the professionally-shot broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of HD imagery from South Asia. The collection comprises of 150, 000+ hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on HDCAM / SR 1080i High Definition, Alexa, SR, XDCAM and 4K. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewing and production solutions across South Asia. We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... Please subscribe to our channel wildfilmsindia on Youtube for a steady stream of videos from across India. Also, visit and enjoy your journey across India at www.clipahoy.com , India's first video-based social networking experience! Reach us at rupindang [at] gmail [dot] com and admin@wildfilmsindia.com To SUBSCRIBE click the below link: www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WildFilmsIndia Like &amp; Follow Us on: Facebook: www.facebook.com/WildernessFilmsIndiaLimited Website: www.wildfilmsindia.com  <br>
