---
title: "Aishwarya Rai on college life and how she was first asked to model for a magazine shoot"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SQBeS1VHHM-A-OGBT/x240"
vid_id: "x7vrqjg"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Aishwarya","college","first"]
date: "2020-08-27T05:51:02+03:00"
duration: "PT5M37S"
---
Bollywood actress Aishwarya Rai speaks about how she entered in modelling and film industry. She says &quot;Well, I am from Mangalore but I lived my life in Bombay. I am a complete Bombayite. I studied in Bombay only... from school to college. People used to call me cute when I was a kid. It could be because of my eyes or brown hair. One of my professor in college requested me to do a fashion feature in a magazine. She was doing photojournalism in some magazines. She was my English professor. That is how I entered into modelling. After becoming Miss world people listen to me carefully. They took me far more seriously. My approach became a little more responsible and definitely, I became a full-fledged media personality or what a people call celebrity. Before entering the film Industry I was already used to with used to with the camera, studio, atmosphere etc. It was not a culture shock for me but it was a new medium for me and I did not have any acting experience. I love my work, a camera is just an instrument.&quot; This footage is part of the broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of HD imagery from South Asia. The collection comprises of 150, 000+ hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on 4K, 200 fps slow motion, Full HD, HDCAM 1080i High Definition, Alexa and XDCAM. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewing and production solutions across South Asia. We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... Please subscribe to our channel wildfilmsindia on Youtube www.youtube.com/wildfilmsindia for a steady stream of videos from across India. Also, visit and enjoy your journey across India at www.clipahoy.com , India's first video-based social networking experience. Reach us at rupindang [at] gmail [dot] com and admin@wildfilmsindia.com
