---
title: "GTA 5 Online Gameplay"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SM7Ly1V688_dMnVve/x240"
vid_id: "x7v4vwc"
categories: "videogames"
tags: ["Online","Gameplay","Grand"]
date: "2020-07-28T01:45:10+03:00"
duration: "PT10M1S"
---
Grand Theft Auto (GTA) is a series of action-adventure games created by David Jones and Mike Dailly.[2] Later titles were developed under the oversight of brothers Dan and Sam Houser, Leslie Benzies and Aaron Garbut. It is primarily developed by British development house Rockstar North (formerly DMA Design), and published by its parent company, Rockstar Games. The name of the series references the term &quot;grand theft auto&quot;, used in the United States for motor vehicle theft.  <br>Most games in the series are set in fictional locales modelled on cities, usually either Liberty City, Vice City or San Andreas, which are stand-ins for New York City, Miami and the state of California, respectively. The first game encompassed three fictional cities, while subsequent titles tend to emphasise a single setting. Gameplay focuses on an open world where the player can choose missions to progress an overall story, as well as engaging in side activities, all consisting of action-adventure, driving, third-person shooting, carjacking, occasional role-playing, stealth and racing elements. The series focuses on many different protagonists who attempt to rise through the ranks of the criminal underworld, although their motives for doing so vary in each game. The series also has elements of the earlier beat 'em up games from the 16-bit era. The antagonists are commonly characters who have betrayed the protagonist or his organisation, or characters who have the most impact impeding the protagonist's progress. Film and music veterans have voiced characters, including Ray Liotta, Dennis Hopper, Samuel L. Jackson, James Woods, Debbie Harry, Axl Rose and Peter Fonda.[3]  <br>DMA Design began the series in 1997, with the release of the Grand Theft Auto. As of 2019, the series has eleven stand-alone games and four expansion packs. The third main title, Grand Theft Auto III, is considered a landmark game, as it brought the series to a three-dimensional (3D) setting and more immersive experience. Subsequent titles have followed and built upon the concept established in Grand Theft Auto III, and received significant acclaim. They have influenced other open-world action games, and led to the label Grand Theft Auto clone on similar games.  <br>The series has been critically acclaimed and commercially successful, having shipped more than 280 million units with an estimated gross revenue of over $9 billion.[4][5] Making it the fourth-highest selling video game franchise of all time, behind Nintendo's Mario and Pokémon franchises,[6] and Tetris.[7] In 2006, Grand Theft Auto was featured in a list of British design icons in the Great British Design Quest organised by the BBC and the Design Museum.[8] In 2013, The Telegraph ranked Grand Theft Auto among Britain's most successful exports.[9] The series has also been controversial for its adult nature and violent themes.
