---
title: "A Journey to India"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SLHdg1V3_slUA5Ikz/x240"
vid_id: "x7v063u"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Journey","India","journey"]
date: "2020-07-19T05:43:24+03:00"
duration: "PT21M51S"
---
A journey to India is a quick-paced journey through the vast cultural, sociological and geographical landscape of South Asia's peninsula of India. See this as a 24 minute travelogue capsule on India, taking you though the country in one massic sweep. Classical folk dances are a major part of the country's culture, including Odissi, Mohiniattam, Bharatnatyam, Kathak, Manipuri martial dances and the folk dances of Arunachal Pradesh, Rajasthan and Haryana. The cities of India, sports, culture, art, music, dance, food institutions and much more are featured here... A Journey to India describes the journey travelled in India starting from Delhi to Mumbai and towards Bangalore and chennai. This journey's starting point is Delhi where we come across different monuments in Delhi like India Gate,Red Fort,Qutub Minar,Jama Masjid,Humayun's tomb.We also see Rashtrapati Bhawan and Gyarah Murti in this journey.The second destination of our journey is Mumbai where we see Gateway of India, Nehru Planetarium,Victoria terminus,Taj hotel and Marine drive. Another religious place is Hagi Ali Dargah which is the most popular dargah in Mumbai. A journey to India Part - 3 shows the culture and traditions of India. Classical folk dances are a major part of this culture which includes Odissi dance, Mohiniattam dance, Bharatnatyam dance, Kathak dance, Manipuri martial dance, Folk dances of Arunachal Pradesh and Rajasthan andHaryana folk dance. Culture also shows the fashion in India. This journey takes us to Handicrafts, Puppet making in Rajasthan, Traditional weavers, Bamboo Handicrats and Defence of India. It moves forward with sports like Snake boat race of Kerala, Horse Polo and Traditional sports from the North east India. This footage is part of the professionally-shot stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of imagery from South Asia. The Wilderness Films India collection comprises of thousands of hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on HDCAM 1080i High Definition, HDV and Digital Betacam. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... rupindang [at] gmail [dot] com and admin@wildfilmsindia.com. manmohan singh reliance industries pharma it bpo business process outsourcing bollywood economy china cricket pakistan bombay odi ipl
