---
title: "Nicola Sturgeon joins one-minute silence for Stonehaven disaster victims"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SPXDx1VFH3YLq0qmb/x240"
vid_id: "x7vo0hn"
categories: "news"
tags: ["Stonehaven","Minutes Silence","Nicola Sturgeon"]
date: "2020-08-20T06:11:03+03:00"
duration: "PT2M19S"
---
Passengers and staff at railway stations around the UK have held a one-minute silence to remember the victims of last week's Stonehaven train crash.  <br>Driver Brett McCullough, 45, conductor Donald Dinnie, 58, and passenger Christopher Stuchbury, 62, died when the 6.38am Aberdeen to Glasgow Queen Street train crashed into a landslide across the tracks on Wednesday August 12.  <br>Six other people were injured.  <br>Stations fell silent at 9.43am on Wednesday, exactly one week after the derailment was reported.  <br>A wreath was laid at Aberdeen station, while Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon and Transport Secretary Michael Matheson attended the silence at Edinburgh Waverley station.  <br>Many English and Welsh stations joined the tribute and the Scottish Parliament also marked the minute's silence.  <br>At London Waterloo, a number of Network Rail staff stood underneath the station's clock in a circle with their heads bowed.  <br>Conservative MP Huw Merriman, chairman of the Commons Transport Select Committee, was among those to pay their respects, alongside a handful of passengers, British Transport Police officers and station staff.  <br>Ahead of the event, Ms Sturgeon tweeted: &quot;I will join @ScotRail and others in Waverley Railway Station at 09.43 this morning, to remember those who lost their lives in the Stonehaven tragedy one week ago.  <br>&quot;We will remember Brett, Donald and Christopher and hold their loved ones in our thoughts.&quot;  <br>Investigators have said the train derailed and slid approximately 90 metres before hitting and destroying a barrier on the edge of a bridge, leading the front power car and one carriage to fall down an embankment.  <br>ScotRail managing director Alex Hynes said: &quot;Our hearts remain broken and will do for a long time.  <br>&quot;We hope that by coming together as a railway family, along with the local community and people across the country, we can support one another through this horrendous time.&quot;  <br>Fire crew members and Fire Brigades Union (FBU) officials laid three bouquets of flowers at Aberdeen station on Tuesday as a mark of respect to the victims.  <br>Four firefighters were injured when they were struck by an apparently uncontrolled vehicle while responding to the incident.
