---
title: "Bollywood actor Kabir Bedi speaks on the role of Alyque Padamsee in his life"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SMb8M1V7YH1tZ507F/x240"
vid_id: "x7v7i1i"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Bollywood","actor","Kabir"]
date: "2020-07-30T04:31:02+03:00"
duration: "PT3M11S"
---
Kabir Bedi speaks on the role of the famous Indian theatre personality and ad filmmaker Alyque Padamsee in his life. He says,&quot;You know Alyque has been a very central part of my life and I mean quite honestly if there are such things as mentors in life Alyque has certainly been...if not a mentor but certainly a pivotal figure because he was my first boss in advertising. He gave me my first major break in the theatre which in a sense led to my career as an actor here and abroad. We did Tughlaq, we did Tendulkar's Girdharin's The Vultures and Othello and apart from that because of Othello I met my wife Nikki and So I have to thank Alyque for my wife too, so this is just not old memories I have of Alyque but also a lifelong set of memories of Alyque almost since the time I came to Bombay. He's a very special person to me but he's a very complex person and a very demanding person and a very difficult person in many ways to work for because he's always seeking and experimenting and changing and if you try and learn your lines in one way you're in a very rude shock because it will change ways before you actually go on stage&quot;. Kabir Bedi began his career in Indian theatre and then moved on to Hindi films. Bedi is the only international actor from India to have originated from Bollywood, worked in Hollywood, and become a big star in Europe.As a stage actor, Kabir has performed Shakespeare’s Othello as well as portrayed a mad historical Indian king, Tughlaq; and a self-destructive alcoholic in The Vultures. In London he also starred in The Far Pavilions, the West End musical adaptation of M. M. Kaye’s novel, at the Shaftesbury Theatre. In Toronto, he played Emperor Shah Jahan at the Luminato Festival, a play written by noted Canadian playwright John Murrell and directed by Tom Diamond.In the James Bond film Octopussy, he played the villain’s aide Gobinda who battled Roger Moore from start to finish. Kabir has acted in over 60 Indian Bollywood films. In the historical epic Taj Mahal: An Eternal Love Story, Kabir starred as the Emperor Shah Jahan. Other starring Bollywood roles include Raj Khosla’s Kacche Dhaage, Rakesh Roshan’s Khoon Bhari Maang and Farah Khan’s Main Hoon Na. Kabir played pivotal roles in Columbia Pictures’ The Beast of War, a film on the Russian war in Afghanistan, directed by Kevin Reynolds, as well as the acclaimed Italian film Andata Ritorno, by Marco Ponti, winner of the prestigious David di Donatello Award. Padmashree Alyque Padamsee is a multi-faceted genius who wears 3 hats. One, as the Brand Father of modern Indian advertising and, has built over 100Brands. Two, he is the Guru of English Theatre in India with over 70 major productions to his name. Three, he is very committed to Public Service work and is currently guiding the Bombay Police Force in a campaign against Eve Teasing and sexual molestation on the city streets. Source: speakingminds.com/kabirbedi.com This footage is part of the broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderne
