---
title: "\u092a\u0948\u0938\u094b \u0915\u0947 \u091a\u0915\u094d\u0915\u0930 \u092e\u0947\u0902 \u092f\u0947 \u0915\u094d\u092f\u093e \u0915\u0930\u0928\u0947 \u0915\u094b \u0924\u0948\u092f\u093e\u0930 \u0939\u094b \u0917\u0908 Ameesha Patel, \u092f\u0915\u0940\u0928 \u0928\u0939\u0940\u0902 \u0906\u090f\u0917\u093e Anything for Money"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SLr9N1V55WPrj7Zpe/x240"
vid_id: "x7v3adz"
categories: "people"
tags: ["ameesha patel","ameesha patel hot","ameesha patel movies"]
date: "2020-07-19T22:18:31+03:00"
duration: "PT5M42S"
---
पैसो के चक्कर में ये क्या करने को तैयार हो गई Ameesha Patel, यकीन नहीं आएगा | Anything for Money  <br>She made her debut in the 2000 blockbuster film, Kaho Naa... Pyaar Hai. And since then, she has acted in numerous Bollywood hits like Gadar: Ek Prem Katha, Humraaz, Bhool Bhulaiyaa, to name a few. She has done over 40 films in a career spanning 18 years. But as is the notion and sadly the truth as well, it’s not at all easy to achieve stardom in Bollywood. Yes, we’re talking about Ameesha Patel.  <br>The pretty damsel, who was once (and arguably is) considered as the ‘sexiest woman alive’ in a survey, hasn’t had a golden run in the Hindi film industry. Despite doing so many movies, Ameesha’s career graph has not been going uphill for many years. In fact, we all know about her career but little is known about her personal life. And even in that department, either by choice or chance, Ameesha’s love life hasn’t been a bed of roses for her. Let us take a sneak peek into Ameesha Patel’s love life and the men she has ever dated or gotten linked to.  <br>Before her debut in the year 2000, Ameesha Patel met the Bollywood producer and director, Vikram Bhatt in 1999 for their film Aap Mujhe Achche Lagne Lage (which eventually released in 2002). Their love-life garnered huge media attention then. In fact, they were never shy to admit their relationship in public.  <br>Yes, after being single for more than 7 years, link-up rumours between Ameesha Patel and Ranbir Kapoor were abuzz last year. In fact, at Randhir Kapoor’s private birthday bash, she was the only person apart from his family. In another party, as per a report in Deccan Chronicle, Ameesha cornered Ranbir to have a private conversation. Reportedly, Ranbir made a quick exit from the party, maybe because he was aware of their link-up rumours floating around. However, no reports post this incident has surfaced anywhere.
