---
title: "Dirilis Ertugrul Season 5 Episode 44 In HD With Urdu Subtitles-Part 2"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SROAc1VKUr4FeTXwz/x240"
vid_id: "x7vygfa"
categories: "fun"
tags: ["Dirilis ertugrul season 5","Dirilis ertugrul season 5 in urdu","Dirilis ertugrul season 5 full in urdu"]
date: "2020-09-07T02:03:03+03:00"
duration: "PT32M32S"
---
Dirilis Ertugrul Season 5 Episode 44 In HD With Urdu Subtitles  <br>The hit TV show from TRT, Ertugrul Ghazi, is now available in Urdu brought to you by TRT and PTV.   <br>‘Ertugrul Ghazi’ is an epic story rooted in the historical events of Anatolia (modern-day Turkey). It is the tale of a daring character with enthralling love and a sense of justice that was strong enough to change the fate of the World. The nomadic Kayi tribe of the Oghuz Turks are on a quest to find a place they can finally call home. Ertugrul leads his people through perseverance against hardship while striving for justice and maintaining the traditions of the land. By battling his enemies with strength and bravery, Ertugrul consequently plants the seed that would lead to the founding of the Ottoman Empire, which spread across three continents and ruled for six centuries.  <br>Watch NEW episode every Friday, Saturday and Sunday.  <br>Tune in to PTV's flagship entertainment channel PTV Home at 7.55 pm every Friday, Saturday and Sunday to be the first to watch.  <br>Dirilis: Ertugrul (transl.?&quot;Resurrection: Ertugrul&quot;) is a Turkish historical fiction[2] and adventure television series created by Mehmet Bozdag, starring Engin Altan Düzyatan in the title role. It was filmed in Riva, a village in the Beykoz district of Istanbul, Turkey, and premiered on TRT 1 in Turkey on December 10, 2014. The show is set in 13th century and centers around the life of Ertugrul, the father of Osman I, who was the founder of the Ottoman Empire.  <br>Season 5  <br>The fifth season takes place 10 years after the Battle of Kose Dag, where the Mongols took over the Seljuk state. The arrival of the new tax collectors, the Umurogullari, disrupts the balance of Sogut. Umur Bey's daughter, Ilbilge Hatun, infiltrates the Kayi tribe to gain information on Ertugrul, and falls in love with him. Meanwhile, Commander Dragos, a disgraced Byzantine warrior seeks to conquer Sogut. He kills Umur Bey and frames Gunduz Alp, pitting two tribes against each other.  <br>Emir Bahattin's presence serves to disrupt Ertugrul's plans against the Mongols. Following Gunduz's acquittal after the truth about Dragos is revealed, Beybolat Bey arrives. As the son of Umur Bey and Bey of the Umuroglu after his father's death he is a Seljuk assassin that works with the Mongols to wipe out rebelling Oguz Tribes, under a fake name Albasti. Ertugrul's brothers are on the run from Albasti and hide in the mountains. Beybolat seeks to marry Ilbilge with Bahattin, but his plans are ruined when Ertugrul asks her for marriage, and she accepts.  <br>Ertugrul raids the Mongols and steals the tax gold in order to start a huge war. This leads to Emir Bahattin's death with Albasti and Dragos still at large. Ertugrul survives an assassination attempt when Zangoc (the real Dragos) saves him from the assassin's arrows. Ertugrul now suspects Zangoc of being Dragos and tasks Mergen to track him. Hulagu Han sends Commander Alincak and Subutay to raid the Kayi tribe.
