---
title: "Best Celebrations in Cricket,cricket video,champions,cricket"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SNiWf1VAL9Hh2hmFl/x240"
vid_id: "x7vdrmx"
categories: "sport"
tags: ["Celebrations","Cricket,cricket","video,champions,cricket"]
date: "2020-08-06T05:44:03+03:00"
duration: "PT2M15S"
---
Best Celebrations in Cricket Champion, Cricket celebration, Kazi MD Azmal, cricket, best cricket celebration  <br>Hello, How are you?  <br>Are you love cricket? So this video only for you.  <br>IT is my cricket match. It is the end of the final match-winning celebration movement. And I am the champion. And we are the champion. It was first to last every ball challenging. It was an exciting cricket match. Cricket is a bat-and-ball game played between two teams of eleven players on a field at the center of which is a 20-meter (22-yard) pitch with a wicket at each end, each comprising two bails balanced on three stumps. The batting side scores runs by striking the ball bowled at the wicket with the bat, while the bowling and fielding side tries to prevent this and dismiss each batter (so they are &quot;out&quot;). Means of dismissal include being bowled, when the ball hits the stumps and dislodges the bails, and by the fielding side catching the ball after it is hit by the bat, but before it hits the ground. When ten batters have been dismissed, the innings ends and the teams swap roles. The game is adjudicated by two umpires, aided by a third umpire and match referee in international matches. They communicate with two off-field scorers who record the match's statistical information.  <br>There are quite a few formats ranging from Twenty20, played over a few hours with each team batting for a single inning of 20 overs, to Test matches, played over five days with unlimited overs, and the teams each batting for two innings of unlimited length. Traditionally cricketers play in all-white kits, but in limited-overs cricket, they wear club or team colors. In addition to the basic kit, some players wear protective gear to prevent injury caused by the ball, which is a hard, solid spheroid made of compressed leather with a slightly raised sewn seam enclosing a cork core layered with tightly wound string.  <br>#Cricket,  <br>#Champions,  <br>#cricketcelebrations,  <br>#cricketcelebration,  <br>#kazimdazmal,  <br>#cricketvideos,  <br>#crickethighlights,  <br>#bdcricket,  <br>#areyoulovecricket,  <br>#lovecricket,  <br>#bestvideo,  <br>#sports,  <br>#sportsnews,  <br>#game,  <br>#cricketmatch,  <br>#sport,  <br>#sporting,  <br>#cricketfunnyvideo  <br>#cricketkhela,  <br>#cricketvideosfunny,  <br>#bestcelebrationsincricket,  <br>#bestcricketcelebrations,  <br>#top10weirdcelebrationsincrickethistory,  <br>#bestmatchcricketcelebration,  <br>#bestmatchcelebration,  <br>#crazycelebrationincricket,  <br>#funnycelebration,  <br>----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  <br>More Videos:  <br>1.Best Celebrations in Cricket,cricket video,champions,cricket:  <br>2. Like share &amp; subscribe:  <br>3.Match Winning Moment, Cricket Match, entertainment, cricket news:  <br>Follow Me on Facebook:  <br>Follow Me on Instagram:  <br>Thank You  <br>Kazi Md. Azmal
