---
title: "\u091c\u092c \u092b\u0948\u0902\u0938 \u0928\u0947 \u0939\u0940\u0930\u094b\u0907\u0928 \u0915\u0947 \u0938\u093e\u0925 \u0938\u0930\u0947\u0906\u092e \u0915\u0930 \u0926\u0940 \u092f\u0947 \u0917\u093c\u0932\u0924 \u0939\u0930\u0915\u0924! Bollywood Actress Incident caught on Camera"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SKYIu1V1T7wLGq-VN/x240"
vid_id: "x7uw0jc"
categories: "people"
tags: ["PR","Bollywood","bollywood actress in public"]
date: "2020-07-14T15:17:12+03:00"
duration: "PT4M4S"
---
#KatrinaKaif #DeepikaPadukone #PriyankaChopra #KareenaKapoor  <br>जब फैंस ने हीरोइन के साथ सरेआम कर दी ये ग़लत हरकत! Bollywood Actress Incident caught on Camera  <br>“Fan nahi toh star kuch bhi nahi“, “Celebs are nothing without the audience,” these are statements we have heard and made more times than we can count. While it is definitely the mere mortals who turn a normal human into a star, does that give these “fans” the ability to exploit their power? Does this power allow fans to cross all limits and exploit stars? In India, celebrities are treated and worshipped as God, but sometimes this treatment goes too far and fans forget that celebs too are human; that they might get hurt, afraid, and experience emotions just like we do. And instances of such incidents where people have gone too far while interacting with their favourite celebrity are just too many.   <br>1. Jacqueline Fernandez   <br>The latest celeb to join the list is the Sri Lankan beauty, Jacqueline Fernandez, who is currently busy promoting her next, Judwaa 2, along with Varun Dhawan and Taapsee Pannu. The incident took place a day before the trailer launch of the film, when 50 pairs of twins, after winning a contest, were invited for the event with the cast. As part of their prize, all of them were promised that they would get to spend time with the leads—Varun Dhawan, Jacqueline and Taapsee Paanu. However, one pair of twins out of the fifty tried to misbehave with Jacqueline.  <br>2. Ileana D’Cruz   <br>A few months back, Ileana took to social media to talk about her experience of being harassed by a fan during the promotions of Badshaaho. The actress spoke about the larger problem of people not treating celebrities like human beings.   <br>3. Kareena Kapoor Khan  <br>We get that no one would want to give up the chance of catching a glimpse of Bebo in real life. But manhandling? That should be out of question, but unfortunately, some anti-social elements do not understand the meaning of consent. Back in 2005, she was harassed at an event when a few fans tried to touch her inappropriately. Being the bindass person she is, she kept her cool and left the spot in a rush. A similar incident took place on the sets of Bajrangi Bhaijaan, when the actress found herself crushed between a mob. According to the media, Kareena handled the incident “well”.  <br>4. Priyanka Chopra   <br>The ever smiling and bubbly Priyanka Chopra is known for her no-shit attitude, both on and off screen. In an interview with Times of India, she had revealed that she had slapped a fan on the sets of Anjaana Anjaani. The actress was quoted saying, “I slap a lot. I think once a fan misbehaved with me, I don’t know if he was a fan but, I came out of my trailer when I was shooting for Anjaana Anjaani. He just came and held my arms. I am very good with taking pictures and everything, but I don’t like physically being touched. So he just held my hand and started asking for pictures. I got really scared so I grabbed his collar and slapped him. Then I got so sc
