---
title: "Hampi aerial journey: one of India's finest heritage and architecture sites"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SOd5q1VDQUjq86jRJ/x240"
vid_id: "x7viws4"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Hampi","aerial","journey:"]
date: "2020-08-17T05:29:03+03:00"
duration: "PT2M1S"
---
Aerial view of Tungabhadra River as flying towards Virupaksha Temple, the oldest and the principal temple in Hampi. The Virupaksha Temple in Hampi, Karnataka is noted for its architecture and has been listed among the UNESCO World Heritage Sites. Hampi used to be the seat of the Vijayanagara Empire and the Virupaksha Temple is among the group of monuments built during 1336 – 1570 A.D. Hampi is an ancient village located on the banks of River Tungabhadra in the southern state of Karnataka in India. Hampi is recognised by UNESCO as one of the World Heritage Sites in India. The village stands within the ruins of the Vijayanagara Empire. Hampi is an extremely significant place in terms of history and architecture. No wonder, it is one of the most popular tourist destinations in South India. There is a proposal to make Hampi and Machu Picchu to become Twin Heritage sites. Hampi was known by several names in the ancient times, such as Pampa-kshetra, Bhaskara-kshetra, Hampe and Kishkinda-kshetra. The history of Hampi can be traced back to 1 CE as it is believed that the first historical settlements in Hampi dates back to that era. The name Hampi was derived from the Kannada name Hampe that in turn was derived from Pampa, the old name of River Tungabhadra. The seat of the Vijayanagara Empire was established by Saint Vidyaranya in 1336 A.D. with the help of two of his disciples, Hakka and Bukka. The Empire became a prosperous and wealthy kingdom within a very short time. The kingdom flourished under the rule of Emperor Krishnadevaraya and stretched over the states of Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra. Hampi was the capital of the Vijayanagara Empire and was an extremely important part of the Empire from 1343 to 1565. The small village became renowned because of its immense wealth, flourishing art, literature and trade at that time. But, the invading Moghul forces destroyed Vijayanagara and ruined Hampi and the other places of the empire. Source :  This footage is part of the professionally-shot broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of HD imagery from South Asia. The collection comprises of 150, 000+ hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on HDCAM / SR 1080i High Definition, Alexa, SR, XDCAM and 4K. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewing and production solutions across South Asia. We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... Please subscribe to our channel wildfilmsindia on Youtube for a steady stream of videos from across India. Also, visit and enjoy your journey across India at www.clipahoy.com , India's first video-based social networking experience! Reach us at rupindang [at] gmail [dot] com and admin@wildfilmsindia.com To SUBSCRIBE click the below link: www.youtube.com/subscription_c
