---
title: "Star Wars: Squadrons - \u201cHunted\u201d CG Short"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SS-S_1VO0xa4NmNNi/x240"
vid_id: "x7w7fpb"
categories: "videogames"
tags: ["xboxviewtv","Star Wars","Star Wars Squadrons"]
date: "2020-09-15T04:16:04+03:00"
duration: "PT6M58S"
---
The New Republic fleet strikes the Imperial dockyard at Var-Shaa. Pre-order STAR WARS: Squadrons now to get cosmetic items featured in this short film:   <br>The Empire’s retreat after a surprise attack marks yet another stumble in the wake of the second Death Star’s destruction. But for one member of Titan Squadron, the battle is far from over. Squadron Leader Varko Grey finds himself as the last TIE pilot on the battlefield, hunted relentlessly by a renegade New Republic X-wing in this standalone STAR WARS: Squadrons story.  <br>Made in collaboration by Motive Studios, Lucasfilm, and ILM, &quot;Hunted&quot; is set before the events of STAR WARS: Squadrons, introducing you to one of the ace pilots who you'll be fighting alongside in the story to unfold.  <br>Master the art of starfighter combat in the authentic piloting experience STAR WARS: Squadrons, available October 2, 2020 on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, PC on EA.com, Steam, and Epic Games Store, and playable in Virtual Reality (VR) on PlayStation 4 and PC with cross-play support.  <br>Pre-order to get the Var-Shaa Hunter and Var-Shaa Survivor cosmetic items, inspired by the short film:   <br>About STAR WARS: Squadrons:  <br>ALL WINGS REPORT IN – Plan skirmishes with your squadron in the briefing room before taking off to the evolving battlefields across the galaxy. Compete in intense 5v5 multiplayer dogfights or unite with your squadron to tip the scales in monumental fleet battles. Together, you’re the galaxy’s finest.  <br>MASTER LEGENDARY STARFIGHTERS – Take control of different classes of starfighters from both the New Republic and Imperial fleets – including the agile A-wing and the devastating TIE bomber. Modify your ship, divert the power between its systems, and destroy your opponents in strategic space dogfights.  <br>GET IN THE COCKPIT – The cockpit is your home. Use its dashboards to your advantage and – with just a thin hull of metal and glass between you and the perils of space – feel the intensity of combat from a first-person perspective. Take off in thrilling multiplayer modes and a unique single-player STAR WARS story, which covers a key campaign near the conclusion of the Galactic Civil War. Immerse yourself in the pilot’s seat completely with the option to play the entirety of STAR WARS: Squadrons in Virtual Reality (VR) on PSVR and PC.  <br>THE MISSION IS CLEAR – STAR WARS: Squadrons is a fully self-contained experience from day one, where you earn rewards through play. Climb the ranks and unlock new components like weapons, hulls, engines, shields, and cosmetic items in a clear path for progression that keeps gameplay fresh and engaging.  <br>Subscribe #XboxViewTV ➤   <br>---  <br>Connect with us!  <br>▸Facebook:   <br>▸Twitter:   <br>▸Twitch: 
