---
title: "8 Best Places to visit in South Korea"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SQwPo1VJmcQs4yXmp/x240"
vid_id: "x7vvucy"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Places","visit","South"]
date: "2020-09-03T00:30:20+03:00"
duration: "PT3M49S"
---
There are so many beautiful places in South Korea, you’ll be spoilt for choice when it comes to shortlisting. From the unexplored natural sites to the urban delights, there’s a lot to be explored  <br>Here is a list of our top picks of famous places in South Korea. You can witness the beauty of the countryside villages, grand Buddhist temples, ancient fortresses and high-tech urban cities.  <br>Top 8 places to visit in South Korea:-  <br>1. Seoul   <br>Seoul is charming in all ways possible. From the charm of bustling high tech city life and the beautiful parks to the panoramic views and party culture, Seoul will steal your heart.   <br>2. Jeju Island  <br>The magnificent island of Jeju is only 85 Km away from the coast and has been named among the seven wonders of nature.   <br>3. The Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ)   <br>Get a sneak-peek into the history of conflict between North Korea and South Korea by visiting this zone. It is also one of the most famous places in South Korea for those who’re interested in being a little more than regular tourists.   <br>4. Busan  <br>Busan will fulfill your cravings for local Korean food. Relish the seafood spread at fancy restaurants and enjoy local delicacies at the stalls on the streets.   <br>5. Gyeongju  <br>Visit Anapji pond, Tumuli Park and the majestic Seokguram Grotto in Gyron to bring yourself in touch with the authentic Korean culture.  <br>6. Pyeongchang County   <br>This is one of the best places to visit in South Korea to experience peace and extraordinary scenic beauty. Located in the Taebaek Mountains, this picturesque county, which is 180 km away from Seoul, hosted the  Winter Olympics in February 2018.  <br>7. Suwon     <br>Built by the Joseon dynasty, Hwaseong Fortress is a UNESCO world heritage site with four pagoda-style gates, artillery towers, and observation decks. It is a sight to behold.  <br>8. Seoraksan National Park   <br>A day hike in Seoraksan National Park will take you through jungles and the famous Ulsan Rock. If adventure is not your cup of tea, you can simply enjoy the gondola ride up the mountain for some spectacular views.  <br>Few other places to visit in South Korea -   <br>1. Andong Hahoe Folk Village  <br>2. Upo Marsh  <br>3. Juknokwon  <br>4. Boseong Green Tea Field  <br>--------  <br>Connect with us On:  <br>Facebook :   <br>Twitter :   <br>Pinterest :   <br>Instagram :   <br>DO RAD OUR  ‘NOT-SO-CLICHE’ BLOG:   <br>----------  <br>Thanks For Watching  :)
