---
title: "Arunachal - Land of the dawn-lit mountains"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SLP871V4NVNJwIP6g/x240"
vid_id: "x7v0ttz"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Arunachal","dawn-lit","mountains"]
date: "2020-07-18T18:32:08+03:00"
duration: "PT1M20S"
---
Arunachal Pradesh is India's north-eastern most state and a tourism jewel in the rough. While the inner line permit and difficulty of access make visitation a somewhat tedious affair, once there, the domestic or international traveller is truly rewarded by the experience. The people are warm and welcoming, traditional and well-cultured, they are little changed by modern India and still continue with their age-old traditions. The weather is lovely year-round, the forests are green and salubrious, the wildlife diverse and engaging,the birdlife fabulous, and above all - the geography is diverse and unique. I have been visiting Arunachal Pradesh since 1998 and ever since I discovered the Macaca muzala in Arunachal, the first and only new species of simian to have been discovered worldwide in the recent past, I kept returning for more! I ended up creating a lot of High Definition media on the state with a number of documentary film offerings. This TVC is my offering to the state, in an attempt to bring rhe sophisticated world traveller to Arunachal, to see, smell, hear and discover the state's secrets and recognize it as a valuable and integral part of the Indian union. After all, a good percentage of the global jet stream is contributed by the rich rain forests of Arunachal! This footage is part of the professionally-shot broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of imagery from South Asia. The Wilderness Films India collection comprises of thousands of hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on HDCAM 1080i High Definition, HDV and XDCAM. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewing and production solutions across South Asia. We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... Reach us at rupindang [at] gmail [dot] com and admin@wildfilmsindia.com. arunachal pradesh tvc short film incredible india television commercial
