---
title: "Camel ploughing a field - This could happen only in India!"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SJbqn1U_zAxyIkeqR/x240"
vid_id: "x7uqpf5"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Camel","ploughing","field"]
date: "2020-07-09T06:23:08+03:00"
duration: "PT3M54S"
---
A farmer ploughing his field with the help of a camel in a village in rural Rajasthan, India. They don't have cattle here so they turn to the next best beast - the family camel, and goad it to plough their fields! The real mystery? How do they get the camel to go in a straight line and to follow the previous furrow? Camels are thought to produce the same ploughing power as a pair of donkeys or oxen and one camel is reported to plough as much as 2 oxen in one day. Although no trials with camels have been carried out, they may be able to plough as much as 0.5ha per day. It is estimated they produce 1 hp compared to 0.75 hp for cattle. The camel pulls the plough with a collar attached to a swingle tree. For breaking new ground two camels can pull one plough using a double swingle tree. The same ploughs used for cattle can be used by camels. In many parts of the world traditional ploughs are used. A well-trained camel can learn to follow commands and walk in a straight line. Generally two people are required when ploughing, but with experience a single person can both command the camel and guide the plough. Source :  This footage is part of the professionally-shot broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of HD imagery from South Asia. The Wilderness Films India collection comprises of 50, 000+ hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on HDCAM / SR 1080i High Definition, Alexa, SR, XDCAM and 4K. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewing and production solutions across South Asia. We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... Please subscribe to our channel wildfilmsindia on Youtube for a steady stream of videos from across India. Also, visit and enjoy your journey across India at www.clipahoy.com , India's first video-based social networking experience! Reach us at rupindang@gmail.com and admin@wildfilmsindia.com
