---
title: "Botchamania 418 (Full-Screen)"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SSpAU1VNaRsqX1wR8/x240"
vid_id: "x7w6g0u"
categories: "sport"
tags: ["botches","botchamania","wwe"]
date: "2020-09-14T05:31:03+03:00"
duration: "PT19M28S"
---
Music...  <br>March Ahead by Yuka Tsujiyoko, Taishi Senda (Paper Mario)  <br>Super Koopa Bros, World 1 by Yoshito Hirano, Yuka Tsujiyoko (Paper Mario: The Thousand Year Door)  <br>Thanks To...  <br>Larry Legend, Ortiz, Santana, Jaka, Pinkie Sanchez &amp; Monsta Mack for the ending they filmed years ago but I've only just used this week because it's super-long (so I cut the intro to make room for more botches)  <br>Seth Money for the Moxley fan cam  <br>Gary Cassidy for asking Moxley about it during the AEW Post-Show  <br>Hurricane Helms for Hurricane Helms  <br>Excalibur for continuing to yell I AM THE TABLE  <br>That Retro for inspiring the GO BIG SHOW bit  <br>Ever-Rise/3.0 for possibly intentionally saying TALK TOO MUCH twice in one segment  <br>A.M.MO, The Lowest of the Low for BJW's glass  <br>This episode's guest reader: Wrestletalk &amp; Under Consoletation's Luke Owen!  <br>Mercy The Buzzard for the Shaun Of The Dead ending  <br>chuck_rick for the Angle ending  <br>lennon riley for the Fall Guys ending  <br>Codster for the Blazing Saddles ending  <br>Remi Steele for the SMB &amp; Mortal Kombat endings  <br>CastleGorakk for the Old School ending  <br>Notes...  <br>Matt Sydal was well enough to be featured in these prestigious videos so don't worry. I disagree with people comparing him to The Shockmaster as he wasn't dressed ridiculously and has over fifteen years of impressive matches...but so far it's the contender for Botch Of The Year 2020.  <br>Deliberately not showing Matt Hardy's horrific moment will probably not stop people from asking for it. Botchamania isn't a role model for morality but I'm not going to include things like this as much as possible. &quot;yeah but you included (insert something I shouldn't have included) in the past&quot; i hear you type and you're right. I have sucked and do my best to not suck.  <br>Ditto for Cedric pinning Ricochet with a two-count so they could end the match ASAP when Ivar got injured.  <br>All Out had some highlights (Omega/Page storyline, MJF, Rosa) but there were so many negatives that couldn't be ignored that drowned most of the good bits out. If you're burned out from too many shows, you can skip this one and stick to Dynamite instead.  <br>Wasn't much WWE stuff this week, blame AEW for stealing the show and for HHH sorting out Thunderdom
