---
title: "Sex workers dance around burning funeral pyres in Varanasi"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SM1uP1V5hOHoRzjEL/x240"
vid_id: "x7v4emx"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["workers","dance","around"]
date: "2020-07-23T08:06:10+03:00"
duration: "PT1M6S"
---
Nagar Vadhu dance at the burning funeral pyres of Varanasi. May not be suitable for viewership by minors. For an outsider it may be a harrowing experience to see women dancing and singing fearlessly overnight around the burning funeral pyres at the cremation ground, but for Banarasis there is nothing unusual in it. Rather they enjoy the moment with the dancing ladies ignoring the stench coming from the burning dead bodies. Perhaps Banaras, where dying means attaining moksha, is the only place on this planet that showcases such a unique musical night with full of life and energy at the cremation ground where people normally avoid to make visit particularly during night hours. The smokes from the pyres and cracking sounds coming from the burning bodies seemingly fail to dishearten people watching the show as well as the performers. These women come from different places are the sex workers, who perform dance and music at Manikarnika Ghat, the greatest cremation site. Traditionally the sex workers offer prayer to Maha Smashan Nath, the lord of cremation site, on the seventh night of Chaitra Navratra annually. After performing religious rituals they present dance and music at the makeshift stage amid the burning pyres in respect of the lord of the cremation ground. Source: timesofindia.indiatimes.com This footage is part of the professionally-shot broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of HD imagery from South Asia. The Wilderness Films India collection comprises of 50, 000+ hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on HDCAM / SR 1080i High Definition, Alexa, SR, XDCAM and 4K. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewing and production solutions across South Asia. We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... Please subscribe to our channel wildfilmsindia on Youtube for a steady stream of videos from across India. Also, visit and enjoy your journey across India at www.clipahoy.com , India's first video-based social networking experience! Reach us at rupindang @ gmail . com and admin@wildfilmsindia.com  <br>
