---
title: "Aishwarya Rai speaks to us - Bollywood diva unplugged!"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SMBp91V6cWdKgVCv8/x240"
vid_id: "x7v59zd"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Aishwarya","speaks","Bollywood"]
date: "2020-07-26T01:39:04+03:00"
duration: "PT21M42S"
---
Former Miss World, Aishwarya Rai discusses her films, future plans and her presence in Hollywood. Aishwarya Rai the Miss World stunning beauty queen is considered to be one of the beautiful actresses in the movie industry. She has done movies in languages like Hindi, Tamil, English and Bengali. In the year 1994, she won the Miss World title and brought fame to her mother land. Born in Mangalore in the state of Karnataka in India on 1 st November 1973, Aishwarya Rai has enormous faith in God and her friends. She attends prayers offered to Lord Ganesha at her home. Krishnaraj and Vrinda Rai are her parents and they right now live together in Mumbai. Aishwarya Rai's aim was to be become an architect. She took up modeling as a part time job and she also appeared in commercials. One of her popular commercial for a soft drink made her to be approached by many directors but she rejected the offers to become an architect. Aishwarya Rai is engaged to Abhishek Bachchan and their wedding is expected to be held on 20 th of April. Her debut movie was in the Tamil industry that was directed by Mani Ratnam titled Iruvar. Even in her debut movie she has handled dual roles along with Mohanlal and Tabu. Aur Pyaar Ho Gaya was her first movie in Bollywood. Jeans was her third project with director Shankar and the movie made her to be identified in the industry as a good actress. Kandukondain Kandukondain was her next movie with Rajiv Menon in which she was paired with Mammootty. Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam in the year 1999 was her hit movie in Bollywood with Salman Khan. She has won awards in the Film Fare for the best actress in the movies like Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam and Devdass. Aishwarya Rai has also won Star Screen Awards, International Indian film Academy Awards, Zee Cine Awards, Star dust Awards and Sansui Awards in her movie career. Source: www.aishwarya-rai.com/ This footage is part of the professionally-shot broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of HD imagery from South Asia. The collection comprises of 150, 000+ hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on HDCAM / SR 1080i High Definition, Alexa, SR, XDCAM and 4K. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewing and production solutions across South Asia. We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... Please subscribe to our channel wildfilmsindia on Youtube for a steady stream of videos from across India. Also, visit and enjoy your journey across India at www.clipahoy.com , India's first video-based social networking experience! Reach us at rupindang [at] gmail [dot] com and admin@wildfilmsindia.com To SUBSCRIBE click the below link: www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WildFilmsIndia Like &amp; Follow Us on: Facebook: www.facebook.com/WildernessFilmsIndiaLimited Website: www.wildfilms
