---
title: "Thailand restaurant owner claims they are suing U.S. for coronavirus outbreak"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SK5Bw1V06U5c1Hw-J/x240"
vid_id: "x7utgje"
categories: "news"
tags: ["government","march","tourism"]
date: "2020-07-07T22:15:16+03:00"
---
A restaurant owner in Thailand claims they are suing the US for causing the coronavirus outbreak.  <br>Sawet Wianthong, a lawyer in Chiang Mai province, revealed to the press on June 27 that he has been hired by a restaurant owner to sue the U.S. for Covid-19 the pandemic.  <br>The attorney said his client accused the country of releasing the virus which has caused her business to be closed for several months. Tourism - the main source of income for the business - has been decimated after Thailand closed its borders on March 22.  <br>However, the restaurant owner and lawyer appear to have ignored evidence that the deadly virus leaked from a laboratory or market in Wuhan, China, before Communist officials tried to cover up the outbreak while it began crippling the rest of the world.  <br>The lawyer said: &quot;My client wants to sue the U.S. to compensate her for the financial losses that she believed the country had caused them.  <br>&quot;She strongly believes that the US is responsible for the virus that spread all over the world and caused the Thai government to issue a state of emergency act closing down her business for three months.  <br>&quot;She wants the country to pay her 450,000THB (11,750GBP) plus a 7.5 per cent interest per annum to compensate their lack of income during the lockdown.&quot;  <br>Sawet added that his client is confident of winning the case and wanted this litigation to be an example for fellow owners to fight for their right.  <br>He said: &quot;My client believes that they has a strong case for compensation.  <br>&quot;They also wanted their litigation to be the guideline for the other business owners including in the foreign countries to step up and claim their right.&quot;  <br>Initially, the court has accepted the case and will appoint the restaurant owner to present her case in the court for the investigation in 2021.
