---
title: "\u0910\u0938\u0947 \u0938\u093f\u0928\u0947\u092e\u093e \u0939\u0949\u0932 \u091c\u0939\u093e\u0902 \u0938\u092c \u0915\u0941\u091b \u0916\u0941\u0932\u0947\u0906\u092e \u0939\u094b\u0924\u093e \u0939\u0948 5 Most Amazing Cinema Halls In The World"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SO4Aq1VBIjR2aat1M/x240"
vid_id: "x7vfues"
categories: "shortfilms"
tags: ["most amazing movie theaters in the world","most beautiful movie theaters in the world",]
date: "2020-08-07T19:09:03+03:00"
duration: "PT2M35S"
---
ऐसे सिनेमा हॉल जहां सब कुछ खुलेआम होता है 5 Most Amazing Cinema Halls In The World  <br>Friends, you must have seen the film with your family and partner in hhdb the cinema hall, big hall, such room, sound system and darkness, Till date, you must have seen the film in a similar environment, but have you seen the film till date sitting in a bathtub or a boat? So friends do not be surprised because in this video of our day, we are going to tell you about some movie theaters that you will definitely be surprised to know about, and friends believe if you go there with your partner then this is your best  A memorable date will definitely be made.  <br>So, friends, know about these unique cinema halls, but friends like the video before starting the video.  <br>1. Film on the rocks   <br>Friends, this cinema is located in Denver CallerArt and hosts Denver ArtSeries movies every year during the summer season at the Red Rocks MP Theater, and at that time there are live night shows where comedy and romantic shows.  Are shown, and it is one of the most fun and unique cinema halls and every year a lot of people also come to enjoy the summer holidays.  <br>2. Olympia music hall  <br>Friends, this cinema hall is present in France, the way in which every movie theater has seats for watching movies, there is something else here because there are beds for seat watching where people relax.  Enjoys watching movies by lying down, and there are small lights on every bed, which increases the beauty of the place even more and friends, this cinema is very expensive cinema hall and here  Movies are shown on a large screen.  <br>3. Hot tub cinema  <br>Friends, till now you must have seen the movie sitting on the seat of a movie theater, but do you know that there are cinema halls in this world where you can sit in a bathtub and watch a movie by sleeping, friends tell you this cinema 2012  And it is very popular due to its unique style, and its funniest thing is that it is built on the roof of cinema hall building and due to this the beautiful of cities.  Transferee and enjoy watching movies under the stars people enjoy different.  <br>4. The electric cinema hall  <br>Friends, this cinema hall is in London and this cinema hall is a very old and very romantic cinema hall, it is present in the Nethin Hills of London, and there are leather seats where there is a foot to separate.  Stools and side tables are also available, if you feel like sleeping here, then you can relax by sleeping on the couch where you will also get a sheet.  <br>5. Sci fi dine in theater  <br>If you are fond of watching science fiction movies and having a great dinner together, then Sci Fi Dine may be the best place for you,  <br>It is not just a theater but it is a restaurant type, where you will get your favorite food along with watching a movie,  <br>And this cinema was made in 1991 and is present in Disney Hollywood Studio Florida and along with it the design is quite unique and beautiful.
