---
title: "CryJaxx - Ready To Die (ft M.O.J.O & Benja) \u266b Copyright Free Music"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SKU9u1V1VW_ml_-nS/x240"
vid_id: "x7uvng8"
categories: "music"
tags: ["CryJaxx","Ready","M.O.J.O"]
date: "2020-07-14T12:32:35+03:00"
duration: "PT3M14S"
---
► Non-Copyrighted Music for you! ♫ Free songs to use in your videos!  <br>▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬  <br>Every track on this channel can be used &amp; monetizedThe only requirement is proper credit. You would like to use this track?   <br>Put this into your video description:  <br>► Song: CryJaxx - Ready To Die  <br>▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬  <br>✔️ Lyrics  <br>[Verse 1: M.O.J.O]  <br>You better bring a strap and a vest  <br>If we really gotta do this then I gotta suggest  <br>Give your wife and your children and you mother your best  <br>There's no time to rest when you're dealing with death  <br>Ready To Die.  <br>And &quot;No&quot; is the wrong answer, a no-chancer  <br>Holes in your chest like lung cancer  <br>A rope dancer, boy the stakes is high  <br>The fucking game is mine I'm not afraid to die  <br>Yeah  <br>The way up is always longer than it seems  <br>So if you're morbidly obese  <br>You shouldn't do that to your knees  <br>Bitch please, get the fuck out if your easily offended  <br>I'm not your gender-studies fucking wannabe professor  <br>[Pre-Chorus: M.O.J.O]  <br>Someone call the fire department  <br>A prodigy, a firestarter  <br>Going further and farther  <br>It's getting darker it's clear  <br>I'm even harder this year  <br>And kick your ass into a pit like &quot;This is Sparta&quot; in here.  <br>Ready To Die.  <br>[Verse 2: Benja]  <br>Straight from the cellars of death  <br>Harness darkness in these lyrics, feel the pain in my breath  <br>Ain't no second to best, I could care less of the rest  <br>Ain't playin' checkers, but chess, takin' it straight to the chest  <br>Ready To Die.  <br>This ain't for the feeble minded, seek asylum  <br>Better watch your back, I'm 'bout to leave you spineless  <br>Moment of silence, death on arrival  <br>It's perfect timing, dead or alive, we will never go quiet  <br>And we changin' the climate  <br>On a suicide mission, this a reaper assignment  <br>Makin' sacrifices, gotta double down on it  <br>Visions in my mind, but I want a crown on it.  <br>[Pre-Chorus: M.O.J.O]  <br>Someone call the fire department  <br>A prodigy, a firestarter  <br>Going further and farther  <br>It's getting darker it's clear  <br>I'm even harder this year  <br>And kick your ass into a pit like &quot;This is Sparta&quot; in here.  <br>Ready To Die.
