---
title: "Did Subhash Ghai Destroy Mahima Chaudhry's Bollywood Career?"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SOlj01VDIMwRPc7At/x240"
vid_id: "x7vjo00"
categories: "people"
tags: ["Mahima Chaudhry","Subhash Ghai","Nepotism"]
date: "2020-08-18T09:55:10+03:00"
duration: "PT2M43S"
---
The unfortunate death of actor Sushant Singh Rajput has initiated a debate on nepotism and Camps in the Bollywood industry. Several actors from the industry are slowly coming out to share their encounters with the camps and lobby of Bollywood that destroyed their career. Recently, actor Mahima Chaudhry spoke about how she lost several films due to ace filmmaker Subhash Ghai. For those who are unaware, Mahima made her Bollywood debut with Subhash Ghai’s film Pardes. In a recent interview, Mahima accused Subhash and said, “I was bullied by Mr. Subhash Ghai. He even took me to the court and wanted me to cancel my first show. It was quite stressful. He sent a message to all the producers that nobody should work with me! If you pick up one of the issues of Trade Guide magazine in 1998 or 1999, there was an ad that he had given which stated that if anybody wanted to work with me, that person would have to contact him. Otherwise, it would be a breach of contract. However, there was no such contract which said that I had to seek his permission.” However, Subhash Ghai has refuted her claims. Though he admitted that there was a small confict between both, he said that Mahima had later apologized to him and they are good friends now.  Subhash said in a statement, “I am amused reading this news. . Mahima and I are very good friends till date and are still in touch through messages. She is a very nice and mature woman of today. She recently shared on how she gets welcomed at every event with a song from Pardes ‘I love my India’ even after 23 years.” Talking about their conflict, he said, “Yes , there was a small conflict in 1997 post the release of Pardes, which became a big blockbuster and for which she even got the filmfare award for best actor. My company did send her a show cause notice for flouting a clause in our agreement. Media n industry reacted in a big way and so I withdrew n canceled her contract with Mukta . After 3 years she came to me with her family and apologised for her impulsive reaction. I forgave her n thereafter we became friends again.” Subhash also mentioned that Mahima did a guest appearance in a song in his last film Kanchi in 2015. Well, we wonder what is wrong with this industry now. Whom to believe and whom to ignore, who says the truth and who exaggerates, it is becoming too hard to tell.
