---
title: "SLX-R 400e Outboard \u2013 Discover the Power of Innovation"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SLb7R1V6tLJtsSkrd/x240"
vid_id: "x7v1vq3"
categories: "tech"
tags: ["Sponsored","Sea Ray","boating"]
date: "2020-07-26T04:00:24+03:00"
duration: "PT1M39S"
---
As one of the most innovative and connected boats in the marine industry, Sea Ray’s SLX-R 400e Outboard features cutting-edge technology, high-performance propulsion, elevated design accents and the orchestrated excellence of the SLX 400. The “e” in the model name designates a first-of-its-kind boat electrification system – Fathom™ e-Power. The system includes a high-capacity lithium-ion battery pack with intuitive power management capable of powering all of the boat’s accessory systems and providing you with a convenient, smart way to enjoy all of the features of the boat, for a longer, quieter and more eco-friendly day on the water.  <br>The SLX-R 400e Outboard is propelled by triple Mercury® Racing 450R outboard engines with Joystick Piloting, and NextWave™ innovations including Quiet Ride™ and Dynamic Running Surface™. The powerful engines provide unprecedented acceleration, enhanced handling and top speed potential with rugged reliability. The 4.6-liter V8 FourStroke powerhead is boosted by an exclusive Mercury Racing supercharger to produce 450 peak prop shaft horsepower. Other highlights include an optional Seakeeper gyroscope for stabilization; Sea Ray Connect™ remote monitoring powered by NAUTIC-ON™; and a helm with Dual Digital Dash™ NSO evo3 16ʺ displays, state-of-the-art Simrad® systems, and a premier Fusion® Apollo RA770 audio system with a touchscreen display.  <br>Enhancing the SLX 400 aesthetic, the SLX-R 400e Outboard showcases upscale design elements including exclusive SLX-R badging, premium carbon fiber accents, Shadow metallic hull paint with a red boot stripe, a black painted hardtop and legs, custom upholstery with red contrast stitching, red underwater lighting and red accent lighting. Its best-in-class layout offers seating for 22 passengers, an abundance of storage space and iconic amenities like the inviting sunpad and fold down swim terrace. Below deck, a generous cabin that sleeps four creates a comfortable space for you to escape the elements, relax or spend the night.
