---
title: "Bollywood and Underworld - Bharat Shah investigates, Salman Khan called for clarification"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SRI6E1VKhp_gpA6pL/x240"
vid_id: "x7vxx8u"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Bollywood","Underworld","Bharat"]
date: "2020-09-05T16:04:06+03:00"
duration: "PT18M2S"
---
The connection of Bollywood and the Underworld has been a subject of thrilling and also the root of many cases in the film industry. In the case of alleged nexus by Nazim Rizvi and Bharat Shah and few others with the underworld. The search at the offices and property by the Mumbai Police. Reporters pressing the police officers even after their request to talk to the superiors. Reporters and cameraman swarm one of the buildings belonging to Bharat Shah and his VIP enterprises, a business and film production house. During a press conference Police clarifies the actions taken towards Bharat Shah following the allegations. Police also slams the media for creating panic in the film industry by writing stories of arresting Bollywood actors and personalities. The police officer also recounts incidents involving film personalities and the Underworld and stressed on the service of Mumbai Police in trying to curb the Underworld. In the making of the movie 'Chori Chori Chupke' starring Salman Khan, Preity Zinta and Rani Mukerji, the producer Nazim Rizvi and his associate businessman Bharat Shah were accused of their links with the underworld. This footage is part of the broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest HD and 4K collection from South Asia. The collection comprises of 150, 000+ hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on 4K, 200 fps slow motion and Full HD. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewing and production solutions across South Asia. We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... Please subscribe to our channel wildfilmsindia on Youtube  and The Best of India at  for a steady stream of videos from across India. Also, visit and enjoy your journey across India at www.clipahoy.com , India's first video-based social networking experience. Reach us at rupindang [at] gmail [dot] com and admin@wildfilmsindia.com To SUBSCRIBE click the below link:  and  Like &amp; Follow Us on: Facebook:  Website:  #WildFilmsIndia #WildernessFilmsIndia #BroadcastStockFootage
