---
title: "Bollywood actress Priyanka Chopra with Rajesh Khanna"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SN2bs1V8uRrghFwe6/x240"
vid_id: "x7va35i"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Bollywood","actress","Priyanka"]
date: "2020-08-02T18:54:05+03:00"
duration: "PT1M53S"
---
Priyanka Chopra, Bollywood actress speaks about Rajesh Khanna. She says, &quot;First of all I would like to say that standing with Rajesh Khanna on this stage is a dream for me and I don't think it will be appropriate to speak after Rajesh Khanna as I respect him so much. I only like to wish all the best to all the participants and red carpet. Not only the participants but also me is trying to find my destination here as I am also struggling to be an actress. Rajesh Khanna has always inspired me, whatever he has said today inspires me a lot.&quot; Priyanka Chopra is an Indian actress, singer, philanthropist, and the winner of the Miss World pageant of 2000. One of Bollywood's highest-paid actresses and one of the nation's most high-profile celebrities, Chopra has also gained popularity for her sense of style. She has received numerous awards, including a National Film Award, and five Filmfare Awards, and was awarded the Padma Shri, the fourth highest civilian award, by the Government of India in 2016. That same year, Time named her as one of the 100 most influential people in the world. Rajesh Khanna was a Bollywood actor, film producer and politician. He is referred to as the &quot;first superstar&quot;[4] and the &quot;original superstar&quot; of Indian cinema. He starred in 15 consecutive solo hit films in the period 1969 to 1971, still an unbreakable record. He made his debut in 1966 with Aakhri Khat. Through his career he appeared in more than 160 feature films and 17 short films.[9][10] He received the Filmfare Best Actor Award award three times and the BFJA Awards for Best Actor (Hindi) four times.[11] In 1991, he was awarded the Filmfare Special Award and in 2005, he received the Filmfare Lifetime Achievement Award.[12][13] He was the highest paid Indian actor from 1970 to 1987 where Amitabh Bachchan shared the same tag with Khanna from 1980 to 1987. He was also a Lok Sabha member of the Indian National Congress from New Delhi constituency from 1992 to 1996. He married Dimple Kapadia in March 1973, eight months before her debut film Bobby was released and had two daughters from the marriage. Their elder daughter Twinkle Khanna is married to actor Akshay Kumar, while they also have a younger daughter Rinke Khanna. After being critically ill, Khanna died on 18 July 2012. Khanna has been posthumously awarded India's third highest civilian honour Padma Bhushan. On 30 April 2013 he was officially bestowed with the title The First Superstar of Indian cinema at Dadasaheb Phalke Academy Awards. He has also been honored with a stamp and statue of his likeness, and a road being renamed in his honor. Source: Wikipedia This footage is part of the professionally-shot broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of HD imagery from South Asia. The collection comprises of 150, 000+ hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on HDCAM / SR 1080i High Definition, Alexa, SR, XDCAM and 4K. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broa
