---
title: "Woman has providential escape as train passes over her in Purulia, India"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SMv921V8LagiuSXJw/x240"
vid_id: "x7v99aa"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Woman","providential","escape"]
date: "2020-08-05T14:21:05+03:00"
duration: "PT1M30S"
---
A woman (note her Snoopy bag!) had a miraculous escape after 56 wagons of a goods train passed over her as she lay flat between the tracks after accidentally falling on to them and getting entangled. While crossing the tracks, she suddenly got entangled with some object and fell down in between the tracks. The goods train was approaching on the same tracks from behind and people as well as staff of the railway goods shed who witnessed the woman fall, alerted her and said she would lie still. &quot;The 56-wagon-long goods train passed over her and she miraculously escaped with only minor cuts and bruises from the fall. She was taken to the station and after receiving first aid, she left for Tatanagar,&quot; a senior railway official at Purulia station said. Source:  This footage is part of the professionally-shot broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of HD imagery from South Asia. The collection comprises of 150, 000+ hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on HDCAM / SR 1080i High Definition, Alexa, SR, XDCAM and 4K. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewing and production solutions across South Asia. We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... Please subscribe to our channel wildfilmsindia on Youtube for a steady stream of videos from across India. Also, visit and enjoy your journey across India at www.clipahoy.com , India's first video-based social networking experience! Reach us at rupindang [at] gmail [dot] com and admin@wildfilmsindia.com To SUBSCRIBE click the below link: www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WildFilmsIndia Like &amp; Follow Us on: Facebook: www.facebook.com/WildernessFilmsIndiaLimited Website: www.wildfilmsindia.com  <br>
