---
title: "Jalan Episode 6 - Presented by Ariel - 22nd July 2020"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SMDsM1V6eQPmuOzq3/x240"
vid_id: "x7v5ggm"
categories: "fun"
tags: ["Jalan Episode 6 Drama","drama Jalan Episode 6 Drama","ary digital drama Jalan Episode 6 Drama"]
date: "2020-07-26T02:56:05+03:00"
duration: "PT41M25S"
---
Jalan Is About How Greed Can Take You To Any Extent  <br>Jalan depicts the extent to which a person can go in jealousy and greed.  <br>Misha and Nisha are two sisters; Nisha’s ambition leads her to destroy the life of her own sister.  <br>Minal Khan as Nisha is the youngest daughter of her family. She is extremely spoiled and used to getting whatever she wants.  <br>Areeba Habib as Misha is the elder sister of Nisha. She is loving and mature. She always gives in to Nisha, and let her take away all her prized possessions.  <br>Both the sisters have polar opposite personalities. Misha always compromises while Nisha does not believe in compromising under any circumstances.  <br>Sajida Syed as Sajeela and Mohammed Ahmed as Tanveer are the parents of Misha and Nisha.  <br>Tanveer and Sajeela live happily with their two daughters whom they love a lot.  <br>Emmad Irfani as Asfandyar belongs to a well-off family. He is charming and a complete gentleman. He falls in love with Misha at first sight and both of them get married.  <br>Related: Here’s why people are lauding Mohib Mirza for Dushman-e-Jaan  <br>Fahad Sheikh as Ahmer is the maternal cousin of Nisha and Misha. He is head over heels in love with Nisha.  <br>Nisha might have Ahmer’s love but she is jealous of her sister’s lifestyle after marriage and starts to idealize Asfandyar which slowly becomes an obsession.  <br>Directed By: Aabis Raza  <br>Written By: Sidra Sehar Imran  <br>Cast:  <br>Minal Khan ,  <br>Areeba Habib ,  <br>Emmad Irfani .  <br>Fahad Sheikh  <br>Mohammed Ahmed  <br>Sajida Syed  <br>Nadia Hussain  <br>Maira Khan  <br>Sabiha Hashmi  <br>Hajra Yamin  <br>Every Wednesday at 8:00 PM, only on ARY Digital.
