---
title: "Tour de France 2020 - INEOS Grenadiers launch ahead of Tour de France !"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SQMiB1VHj8O5AbZgT/x240"
vid_id: "x7vsphn"
categories: "sport"
tags: ["Tour de France","INEOS Grenadiers","Team Ineos"]
date: "2020-08-27T04:16:03+03:00"
duration: "PT5M11S"
---
Team INEOS has today officially switched to being the INEOS Grenadiers at a launch event in Nice, ahead of the start of the Tour de France this weekend.   <br>The team’s four Grand Tour winning champions, Chris Froome, Geraint Thomas, Egan Bernal and Richard Carapaz, unveiled the new team kit from Castelli and newly branded Pinarello DOGMA F12 at the Allianz Riviera, alongside two prototypes of the Grenadier vehicle which gives the team its new name. The Grenadier is the rugged 4x4 utility vehicle engineered and manufactured by INEOS Automotive, designed on purpose to be a highly capable, go-anywhere, hard-working vehicle.  <br>INEOS Grenadiers Team Principal Sir Dave Brailsford said:  “The INEOS Grenadiers is a new name but one that sums up who we have always been. It is a new partnership but one that epitomises our existing team values - ambition, grit, determination, resourcefulness, tenacity and passion. This is a deepening of our relationship with INEOS and a brilliant example of how being a part of the INEOS group presents so many opportunities for us to be greater together. Just like the Grenadier, we are a team built on purpose. We know what we need to do and have the right team to get the job done. We are here with a clear ambition and are going all in to make it happen.”  <br>Chris Froome, 4-time Tour de France winner, 2-time Vuelta a Espana winner and Giro d’Italia winner said: “It is fantastic to see a partnership which feels such a natural fit with a shared vision and outlook. Cycling is all about grit and resilience and I’ve learnt that more than ever over the last year. I can’t wait to lead the INEOS Grenadiers in Spain later this year.”  <br>Geraint Thomas, 2018 Tour de France winner, said: “I still remember being at the original team launch in London in 2010, so to be here a decade later, at the start of a new era for the team, is really special. I am looking forward to racing in the new INEOS Grenadiers colours at the Giro d’Italia and trying to secure another Grand Tour title for the team.”   <br>Egan Bernal, the reigning Tour de France champion, said: “It is special to be riding the Tour de France as the INEOS Grenadiers for the first time. As the reigning champion, it will be different for me this year but I am really excited to be putting the number one on my jersey. We have a really strong team with a good combination of young riders and riders who have a lot of experience, and that is a really important thing for the Tour de France. We all have the same motivation and are ready to give it our all and go full gas.”  <br>
