---
title: "Food service arranges for people who come for the fish medicine, Hyderabad"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SRm6i1VM4xE0UxGNI/x240"
vid_id: "x7w0k30"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["service","arranges","people"]
date: "2020-09-14T00:04:03+03:00"
duration: "PT2M51S"
---
&quot;Agarwal Seva Dal&quot; is organizing food service at the Exhibition Ground for over 10000 people during the annual fish prasadam in the South Indian city of Hyderbad, Telengana, India. Fortunately, for the last 170 years the Goud family of Hyderabad has been offering an amazing cure based on 'the wisdom of the sacred sages of ancient India.' Mr. Veeranna Goud used to distribute a pot of &quot;TODDY&quot; along with white bread to the labourers who had been working hard, making them quench their thirst and also creating merriment in their hearts. He was kind, generous and charitable by nature; he practiced charity by giving to the poor free of cost, a part of what was sold. In the year 1845, a holy man happened to meet Mr. Veeranna Goud. That holy man was impressed with Mr. Veeranna's nature and gave this secret formula of some miraculous &quot;HERBS&quot; and blessed the well and the place of administration of Bathini Mrugasira Fish. He blessed Mr. Veeranna Goud with this gift and also instructed him to distribute this Herbal food supplement for Asthama patients &quot;FREE of COST&quot; to the sufferers of this dreaded disease. The secret formula of this wonder cure was passed to Shiva Ram Goud who later passed it on to Shanker Goud. Popularity of this cure was greatly gained during Shanker Goud's tenure. The practice flowed down to the five sons of Shanker Goud. Since then, the formula of the Herbal food supplement for Asthama patients has been found quite effective in providing a complete cure if taken by a patient for four consecutive years. It has been the practice of the GOUD family for the past 170 years to offer this Herbal food supplement for Asthama patients FREE to those who need it. At First this Bathini Mrugasira Fish is kept in the mouth of live Murrel Fish (Channa SP/Ophio Cephalus ), 2 to 2.5&quot; in size and the same is slipped into the mouth of each patient. The fish is slippery, so there is no problem in swallowing it. This lives fish travels, wagging its tail and fins, through the throat and negotiates the phlegm congestion, providing a 100% cure. The wonder Herbal food supplement for Asthama patients of Bathini Goud Brothers is called as Bathini Mrugasira Fish. The importance is of the day and the place as this Herbal food supplement for Asthama patients is prepared with the well water, which was blessed by the holy man who passed the secret formula. The holy man also blessed the place for administration of Bathini Mrugasira Fish, which is &quot;DOODH BOWLI. Keeping in view, the heavy rush and other law and order problems, the Government of Andhra Pradesh has agreed to prepare the Bathini Mrugasira Fish at DOODH BOWLI with the holy well water and distribute the same at Exhibition Grounds. It is also very important that this Bathini Mrugasira Fish is administrated on a particular nakshetra. Bathini Mrugasira Fish is given on MRIGASHIRA KARTHI nakshetra. Exrta doses of Karthi are provided to patients to be taken on three successive Karthis, i.e., Arudra Karthi, punnavasu
