---
title: "Bangle making in Jaipur, Rajasthan"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SNcNG1VAXrXM2fBad/x240"
vid_id: "x7vd87k"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Bangle","making","Jaipur,"]
date: "2020-08-05T13:16:04+03:00"
duration: "PT4M50S"
---
The making of colourful lac bangles, over the heat of burning coal. The lacquer used for making bangles is natural lac which is coloured using coloured lac by heating it. Melted coloured lac is rubbed over normal lac until it absorbs the color. The lac is pressed and stuck on the brass metal bangles. Lac bangles of Jaipur are very popular. The lac used for making bangles is natural lac which is coloured using coloured lac by heating it. Normal lac is stuck/pasted thickly on a wooden rod and rolled over a flat surface to make it into a cylindrical shape. This lac is then heated slowly over the coal burner. The heated lac is continuously pressed and rolled over the flat iron plate with the help of wooden tool. The coloured lac is heated simultaneously and then applied evenly by rubbing it on the lac. Once the colour has been applied to the lac base it is again shaped into a thin coil and cut off from the plain lac rod. The width of the bangle varies as per the design incorporated on the bangle. Brass or steel is used as base for the lac. The metals are first converted in the shape of the bangles and the thin lac coil is rolled on the brass or steel base. For a thin lac bangle 3 thin brass bangles are kept together and on that lac coil is rolled, incase of steel base, the base thickness is made according to the required width of the bangle. The thickness and the length of the coil approximately depend on the final shape and size of the bangles. The semi-finished bangle is slipped into a round wooden beam with a tapering end for adjusting to the proper shape. The bangles are kept aside for drying. The bangles are normally embellished with pearls, semi-precious stones, mirrors, beads etc. For applying the stones, they are heated over a tin plate kept on a small burner. The base of the stones gets heated and easily melts the lac surface on which they are placed and stick there after cooling. They are picked up one at a time and stuck on the bangle. The process requires great precision. The women members of the artisan’s family do the embellishments. Source: www.dsource.in/ This footage is part of the professionally-shot broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of HD imagery from South Asia. The collection comprises of 150, 000+ hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on HDCAM / SR 1080i High Definition, Alexa, SR, XDCAM and 4K. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewing and production solutions across South Asia. We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... Please subscribe to our channel wildfilmsindia on Youtube for a steady stream of videos from across India. Also, visit and enjoy your journey across India at www.clipahoy.com , India's first video-based social networking experience! Reach us at rupindang [at] gmail [dot]
