---
title: "Return of the Daily Briefings: Policy or Politics? - Subtitled"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SMwxp1V88StNfHhyd/x240"
vid_id: "x7v9eyb"
categories: "news"
tags: ["Coronavirus","Covid-19","Daily Briefing"]
date: "2020-07-29T23:44:04+03:00"
duration: "PT1M45S"
---
<br>NAT POP- Trump Press Conference   <br>The President's coronavirus press briefings were a network staple in the early days of the pandemic until they came to an abrupt end at the end of April.   <br>Now the briefings are back with President Trump at the helm, and observers have noticed a distinct change in tone from the President.   <br>SOT Trump Briefing   <br>0.17 &quot;It will probably get worse before it gets better, something I don't like saying but that's the way it is.&quot;  <br>This renewal of the daily briefings relates as much to the President's reelection chances in November as it does to the worsening state of the pandemic.   <br>As he slips in the polls, the administration has changed tactics.    <br>But some say, this is too little, too late.   <br>Matt McDermott, VP Whitmann Strategies   <br>0.40 &quot;There's nothing much that Donald Trump can say to the average voter that will really change their opinion on him as a President, and this election is a referendum on that Presidency.&quot;  <br>Others say, the change in direction is about controlling the narrative. The return of the briefings mean that once again, the President is dominating the headlines.   <br>Matt Klink GOP Strategist   <br>1.00 &quot;it's a challenge for Joe Biden to insert himself into the news cycle and to drive coverage.&quot;   <br>&quot;While the press talks about a White House in dissarray, Donald Trump sucks all the air out of the room and dominates the media coverage.&quot;  <br>With just under a hundred days to the election, party strategists suggest the race will be more competitive than the polls indicate and maybe this increased visibility will help to close the gaps.   <br>Lawrence Tabas, GOP Chairman PA   <br>1.27 &quot;Over the years, the distrust for the media reporting amongst the Republicans and amongst Trump supporters is such that they just don't trust the polls.&quot;  <br>
