---
title: "How To Conceal Your Dark Circles - POPxo Makeup Masterclass"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SPYF71VFfl-0iyOy0/x240"
vid_id: "x7vo3pj"
categories: "lifestyle"
tags: ["popxo","popxo daily","popxo beauty"]
date: "2020-08-21T15:30:25+03:00"
duration: "PT2M49S"
---
Dark Circles. Most of us have had them at some point in our lives. And god knows, we’ve tried all the possible ways to get rid of them. Concealing works to cover dark circles under eye, but sometimes the unsightly blue/green shade under our eye is visible despite all the efforts that we put in. Such a bummer, right?  <br>So, how to cover dark circles with makeup, you ask? POPxo beauty team has come up with totally genius makeup tips for dark circles that promise to even out the skin colour under your eyes. Want to try #DarkCirclesMakeup? Let’s get you started.  <br>Prepare the skin with an eye cream  <br>Start by plumping your under-eye area. Put a drop of eye cream on the tip of your ring finger and gently dab it along the under-eye area. Make a routine to start with the inner corner, lightly working outwards.   <br>Time to use a colour corrector  <br>If your concealer isn’t working well, there is only one valid explanation for it. Too much discolouration under your eye is making your concealer look darker than the rest of your face, even with the full coverage concealer. It’s time that you use colour correctors to balance out your under-eye skin pigmentation, creating a fresh palette for your concealer. You can use a concealer one shade darker than your foundation in order to get rid of any discolouration. Make sure that you use minimal product so that it doesn't look cakey  <br>Apply the concealer  <br>By using a thin concealer brush, start applying the concealer(which is brighter than your foundation) starting at the inner corner of the eye, where the dark circles are supposedly the darkest, gently dot the concealer along your under-eye area. Do it for the other eye as well.  <br>Pro Tip: Do not substitute your face foundation for a concealer. Foundation tends to dry out the delicate under-eye skin, leaving you with fine lines.  <br>Dab the concealer to blend  <br>You can either use your ring finger or a blender to blend the concealer softly. Avoid tugging or pulling the skin.   <br>Bake it   <br>Using a wet beauty blender, dab a little translucent powder over the concealer to help hold the flawless look all day, not letting the concealer slip into wrinkles and creases.   <br>Let it sit  <br>Let it sit for a couple of minutes and then brush the excess off. Ta-da! There, you are done with your makeup to conceal under-eye circles.  <br>
