---
title: "Jaya Bachchan calls Karishma Kapoor her daughter-in-law!"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SK5RY1V1sEblwECvD/x240"
vid_id: "x7uthb6"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Bachchan","calls","Karishma"]
date: "2020-07-12T05:47:07+03:00"
duration: "PT2M23S"
---
Actress and wife of Amitabh Bachchan, Jaya Bachchan speaks at the book launch of her husband Amitabh Bachchan. She says, &quot;I would be here or our family the Bachchan family with the Nanda family welcome another family into our group and that's the Kapoor's, Randhir and Babita Kapoor and to be my daughter-in-law Karishma Kapoor- that Abhishek's gift to his parents on his father's 60th birthday.&quot; Amitabh Bachchan is an Indian film actor, film producer, television host, occasional playback singer and former politician. He first gained popularity in the early 1970s for films such as Zanjeer, Deewaar and Sholay, and was dubbed India's &quot;angry young man&quot; for his on-screen roles in Bollywood. Jaya Bachchan is an Indian film actress and politician. She is currently the Member of Parliament in Rajya Sabha from the Samajwadi Party, notably serving four terms since 2004. She is recognized as one of the finest Hindi film actresses of her time, particularly known for reinforcing a naturalistic style of acting in both mainstream and &quot;middle-of-the-road&quot; cinema.[During her career, she won nine Filmfare Awards: including three for Best Actress and three for Best Supporting Actress, which makes her the overall most-awarded performer in the female acting categories, along with Nutan. She was awarded the Filmfare Lifetime Achievement Award in 2007. In 1992, she was awarded the Padma Shri by the Government of India. This footage is part of the broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of HD imagery from South Asia. The collection comprises of 150, 000+ hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on 4K, 200 fps slow motion, Full HD, HDCAM 1080i High Definition, Alexa and XDCAM. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewing and production solutions across South Asia. We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... Please subscribe to our channel wildfilmsindia on Youtube www.youtube.com/wildfilmsindia for a steady stream of videos from across India. Also, visit and enjoy your journey across India at www.clipahoy.com , India's first video-based social networking experience. Reach us at rupindang [at] gmail [dot] com and admin@wildfilmsindia.com To SUBSCRIBE click the below link: www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WildFilmsIndia Like &amp; Follow Us on: Facebook: www.facebook.com/WildernessFilmsIndiaLimited Website: www.wildfilmsindia.com  <br>
