---
title: "Mass Sitar concert only in India"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SOClL1VCD4-Jm7-f8/x240"
vid_id: "x7vglhx"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Sitar","concert","India"]
date: "2020-08-13T11:35:07+03:00"
duration: "PT1M13S"
---
The Art of Living hosted 'Brahm Naad', where 1,200 sitarists performed together on one platform, in a first-of-its-kind concert in Delhi, India. HH Sri Sri Ravi Shankar's vision behind the two-day programme was to popularise India classical music and re-enforce the power of music in spreading peace and message. The sitarists came from different religions, castes and sections of society from India and various parts of the world. When the strings of sitars plucked in unison, all barriers, definitions and prejudices were transcended. Capturing the confluence of spirituality with music, the evening triumphed the brilliance of Indian classical music and a spectacular demonstration of ancient legacy of India. A massed sitar recital in New Delhi, in an effort to set a world record for the largest numbers of Sitars playing at once, in a massed fashion, with Indian bamboo flute (bansuri) and tabla accompaniment. The players are from multiple faiths, religions and disciplines across India. Organized by Navbharat Times and titled Brahmnaad / Brahm Naad, the concert was a global first indeed. The Art of Living hosted this historic event - Brahm Naad, which showcased 1000 sitarists on a single platform, in a first-of-its-kind concert. It took place in Noida, Uttar Pradesh on November 21, 2008. The proceeds of the concert were aimed at the relief and rehabilitation of Bihar. Conceived by Sri Sri Ravi Shankar, the event fulfilled two purposes - to popularise Indian classical music and spread a message about the universality and unifying power of music to spread the message of peace and harmony. Supported by the Ministry of Culture and Ministry of Tourism, Govt. of India, the BrahmNaad initiative also saw the participation of Pt. Ravi Shankar (Sitar), Pt. Hari Prasad Chaurasia (Flute), Pt. Rajan and Sajan Mishra (Vocal - Hindustani Music), Pt. Shiv Kumar Sharma (Santoor) and Sonal Mansingh (Odissi Dancer). The music for this 1000-piece sitar orchestra was based on ancient ragas from the Gandharva Veda. The Art of Living has been involved in the relief and rehabilitation of the state of Bihar, through its volunteer network, at flood hit districts of Khagaria, Katihar, Purnia, Bhagalpur, Arariya, Madhyapura, Supoul &amp; the army medical camp in Narpatganj. This footage is part of the professionally-shot broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of HD imagery from South Asia. The Wilderness Films India collection comprises of tens of thousands of hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on HDCAM / SR 1080i High Definition, Alexa, SR, HDV and XDCAM. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewing and production solutions across South Asia. We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... Reach us at rupindang @ gmail . com and admin@wildfilmsindia.com.
