---
title: "Beirut blast: What we know so far (UPDATE: VO)"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SRaXm1VLCPP5CatUd/x240"
vid_id: "x7vzjhs"
categories: "lifestyle"
tags: ["video","animation","Lebanon"]
date: "2020-09-09T08:54:03+03:00"
duration: "PT56S"
---
The explosion that ripped through Beirut on August 4 is believed to have originated from a warehouse in the Port of Beirut, according to multiple reports citing the Lebanese government.The death toll has risen to at least 135 people killed and 5,000 wounded throughout the city, according to multiple reports citing Lebanon's health minister in an interview with Al Manar television. The port's grain silos, which stored 85 percent of Lebanon's grain, were also destroyed.The explosion almost entirely razed the waterfront district and caused extensive damage to hospitals, residences, businesses and schools within what satellite images show is a roughly 1.5-kilometer radius.The New York Times reports that the blast cut off electricity in most of the city, which impeded rescue workers. Various cultural sites reported damage, including the Mohammad Al-Amin Mosque. The city's St. George Hospital also sustained damage but continued trying to care for patients.RUNDOWN SHOWS:1. Beirut explosion caused by ammonium nitrate stored in a warehouse2. Blast radius, destruction of Lebanon's main grain silos, locations of reported damage3. Damage to residences, Mohammad Al-Amin Mosque and St. George HospitalVOICEOVER (in English): &quot;The explosion that ripped through Beirut on August 4 originated from a warehouse in the Port of Beirut. The warehouse had stored 2,750 tons of ammonium nitrate that was seized from a Russian freighter in 2013, BBC cites Prime Minister Hassan Diab.&quot;&quot;According to the New York Times, the warehouse caught fire and exploded at 6:00 p.m. The blast killed at least 135 people and wounded 5,000 throughout the city. The port's grain silos, which stored 85 percent of Lebanon's grain, were also destroyed.&quot;&quot;The explosion almost entirely razed the waterfront district and caused extensive damage to hospitals, residences, businesses and schools within a roughly 1.5-kilometer radius.&quot;&quot;The blast cut off electricity in most of the city, which impeded rescue workers. Various cultural sites reported damage, including the Mohammad Al-Amin Mosque. The city's St. George Hospital also sustained damage but continued trying to care for patients.&quot;SOURCES: The New York Times, BBC, CNN, The G
