---
title: "Bottle packing Cow urine for human consumption"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SLdY71V4QaxtRQH5h/x240"
vid_id: "x7v23d3"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Bottle","packing","urine"]
date: "2020-07-19T03:55:44+03:00"
duration: "PT1M3S"
---
Packing of Gomutra Ark meaning Cow Urine medicine for consumption, in Nagpur. Panchgavya or more commonly Panchagavya or cowpathy is a treatment based on products obtained from cows used in Ayurvedic medicine and of religious significance for Hindus. It is made up of five cow products; milk, curd, ghee, urine and dung. Panchgavya is also used as fertilizers and pesticides in agricultural operations. The medicinal usage of Panchgavya particularly cow urine is practiced in Ayurveda. Although some Indian doctors view the medicines as eccentric, proponents claim that cow urine therapy is capable of curing several diseases, including certain types of cancer. The Hindu nationalist organization Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh developed a beverage called Gauloka Peya which translates as &quot;drink from the land of cow&quot; that incorporates distilled and sterile cow urine mixed with water and traditional Indian herbs and medicinal plants such as Brahmi and basil in a 1-to-7 ratio, claimed by the manufacturers to have medicinal properties. The group announced plans to market the beverage as a 'healthy' alternative to soft drinks such as Pepsi and Coca Cola. One doctor from Abu Dhabi dismissed these claims. Nagpur is a city and winter capital of the state of Maharashtra, the largest city in central India and third largest city in Maharashtra after Mumbai and Pune. With a population of 2,405,421 (2011) Nagpur Metropolitan Area is the 13th largest urban conglomeration in India. It has also recently been ranked as the cleanest city and the second greenest city of India . In addition to being the seat of annual winter session of Maharashtra state assembly &quot;Vidhan Sabha&quot;, Nagpur is also a major commercial and political center of the Vidarbha region of [Maharashtra], and is also famous throughout the country as &quot;Orange City&quot; for being a major trade center of oranges that are cultivated in the region. In addition, the city also derives political importance from being the headquarters for the Hindu nationalist organisation RSS and an important location for the Dalit Buddhist movement. Source - Wikipedia This footage is part of the professionally-shot broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of imagery from South Asia. The Wilderness Films India collection comprises of thousands of hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on HDCAM 1080i High Definition, HDV and XDCAM. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewing and production solutions across South Asia. We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... Reach us at rupindang [at] gmail [dot] com and admin@wildfilmsindia.com.  <br>
