---
title: "Swiss Town Covered in Swiss Chocolate After Factory Fault"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SPWRW1VFNUUrIOrQ6/x240"
vid_id: "x7vny00"
categories: "news"
tags: ["TomoNews","satire",]
date: "2020-08-26T22:00:20+03:00"
duration: "PT1M8S"
---
OLTEN, SWITZERLAND — If a news story ever came close to Homer's daydream, this is it, after a Swiss town was left lightly coated in chocolate after a malfunction at a Lindt factory.  <br>A town in Olten, situated between Zurich and Basel, was left covered in delicate chocolate powder after there was a minor defect in the cooling ventilation for a line of roasted 'cocoa nibs.'  <br>Nibs being the fragments of crushed cocoa beans which are the basis of chocolate.   <br>The company confirmed local reports on August 18 that there was a malfunction, after strong winds the week before swept up the powder and spread it around the surrounding vicinity of the factory, leaving the town sweeter than ever.   <br>The company state that one car was lightly dusted in their product and as a result, offered to pay for any cleaning fees; however, their offer has yet to be taken up.  <br>Fear not, chocoholics as factory production was able to continue as normal with the ventilation system being repaired. The company says the sweet particles were completely harmless to people or the environment... but probably not on your hips.   <br>TomoNews is your best source for real news. We cover the funniest, craziest and most talked-about stories on the internet. If you're laughing, we're laughing. If you're outraged, we're outraged. We tell it like it is. And because we can animate stories, TomoNews brings you news like you've never seen before.  <br>Top TomoNews Stories - The most popular videos on TomoNews!  <br>You Idiot! - People doing stupid things  <br>Recent Uploads - The latest stories brought to you by TomoNews  <br>Ultimate TomoNews Compilations - Can't get enough of TomoNews? This playlist is for you! New videos every day  <br>Thanks for watching TomoNews!  <br>Like TomoNews on Facebook ►►   <br>Follow us on Twitter ►► @tomonewsus   <br>Follow us on Instagram ►► @tomonewsus   <br>Subscribe to TomoNews ►►   <br>Watch more TomoNews ►►     <br>Visit our website for all the latest videos:   <br>Check out our Android app:   <br>Check out our iOS app:   <br>Get top stories delivered to your inbox every day: 
