---
title: "Second largest holy fair in India - Gangasagar Mela"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SLeau1V4hCfoj-J7p/x240"
vid_id: "x7v26ns"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Second","largest","India"]
date: "2020-07-20T12:40:19+03:00"
duration: "PT5M33S"
---
Huge crowds of pilgrims bathing in the holy waters of the Ganga: thousands of earthen lamps floating in the darkness of the night, carrying the hopes and prayers of innumerable pilgrims: the air filled with the pleasant smell of incense: All these panoramic images are synonymous with the Ganga sagar mela held every year during the Hindu festival of makar sankranti. The Ganga Sagar mela is the second largest holy fair in India after the Kumbha mela held at the prayag or the confluence of the Ganga. The Ganga sagar mela is held annually at the Sagar Island situated at the southern tip of Ganga delta in the Bay of Bengal. On 14th January, the day of makar sankranti, it is considered auspicious to take a dip in the Ganga, particularly at the point where the Ganga meets the Bay of Bengal. Sagar island is located one hundred kilometers away from Kolkata. Reaching the Sagar island is a difficult job for the Pilgrims of ganga sagar mela. From the city of Kolkata one has to travel to Kakdwip from where boats leave for Kechuberia an Island close to Sagar island. One has to stand in a long line of pilgrims to board a bus, which finally takes one to the Sagar island. This particular island is surrounded by unique mythological stories. One among such fascinating stories is the story of Kapil Muni, whose ashram is located here at the Sagar Island. According to ancient tales, Lord Vishnu took birth as Kapil Muni. King Sagara the ancestor of King Dasharatha of Ramayana performed the Ashvamedha yagya, the holy ritual of Horse sacrifice. Lord Indra stole king Sagar's horse, fearing the consequences of success of this yagya. Lord Indra hid the holy horse near Kapil Muni's ashram. The 60000 sons of King Sagar finding the horse near the Ashram blamed Kapil Muni of its thrift. Kapil Muni in his wrath of being falsely accused burned the sons of King Sagar and sent their soul to hell. Later, answering the prayers of King Sagar, Kapil Muni agreed to restore the souls of the King's sons, only if river Ganga descends from heaven to observe the holy ritual of mixing ashes with Ganga water which is known as the ritual of Nirvapanjali. This is when King Bhagiratha started meditation to bring River Ganga down on earth. Finally after this historical decent of Ganga, the sons of King Sagar ascended to heaven or achieved 'Moksha'. The Gangasagar mela is not just a congregation of pilgrims, it is also the gathering of a whole lot of people for whom the fair is a means earning some money. Naga Sadhus from every part of India arrive at the Gangasagar fair. These men of faith sit in small stalls near Kapil Muni's ashram and the pilgrims of the mela give them Dakshina or small amount of money in exchange of their blessings. Various activities like Gau daan or the ritual of donating of a cow and worship of Goddess Ganga by the pilgrims of Gangasagar mela provide numerous holy men with an opportunity to earn some extra money once in a year. Another group of people who profit from these
