---
title: "Cascading fountain in Lutyens\u2019 Delhi!"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SM1uL1V6FGKBHdL8x/x240"
vid_id: "x7v4emt"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Cascading","fountain","Lutyens\u2019"]
date: "2020-07-25T14:42:05+03:00"
duration: "PT1M9S"
---
Cascading fountains of Vijay Chowk in Lutyens Delhi, India. Lutyens' Delhi is an area in Delhi, specifically New Delhi, India, named after the leading British architect Edwin Lutyens (1869–1944), who was responsible for much of the architectural design and building when India was part of the British Empire in the 1920s and 1930s. This also includes the Lutyens Bungalow Zone (LBZ). Before the new imperial capital New Delhi was established in 1911, the Old Delhi Railway Station served the Agra-Delhi railways, the line cut through what is today called Lutyens' Delhi. The line was eventually shifted to make way for the new capital and the New Delhi Railway Station was built near Ajmeri Gate in 1926. Lutyens led a team of architects in laying out the central administrative area of the city, with the charge of retaining one-third of the area as green space. At the heart of the city was the impressive Rashtrapati Bhawan, formerly known as Viceroy's House, located on the top of Raisina Hill. The Rajpath, also known as King's Way, connects India Gate to Rashtrapati Bhawan, while Janpath, which crosses it at a right angle, connects South End Road (renamed as Rajesh Pilot Marg) with Connaught Place. Currently, Pranab Mukherjee is the President of India, and stays in the official house of Rashtrapati Bhawan. The Secretariat Building, which house various ministries of the Government of India including the Prime Minister's Office, is beside the Rashtrapati Bhawan and was designed by Herbert Baker. Also designed by Baker was the Parliament House, located on the Sansad Marg, running parallel with the Rajpath. Two magnificent cathedrals in the area, the Anglican Cathedral Church of the Redemption and Catholic Sacred Heart Cathedral were designed by Henry Medd. Source : Wikipedia This footage is part of the professionally-shot broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of HD imagery from South Asia. The Wilderness Films India collection comprises of tens of thousands of hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on HDCAM 1080i High Definition, HDV and XDCAM. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewing and production solutions across South Asia. We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... Reach us at rupindang [at] gmail [dot] com and admin@wildfilmsindia.com.
