---
title: "Guindy Snake Park - India\u2019s first reptile park in Chennai"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SLP881V4HqotVGY49/x240"
vid_id: "x7v0tu0"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Guindy","Snake","India\u2019s"]
date: "2020-07-19T12:19:25+03:00"
duration: "PT1M10S"
---
The Chennai Snake Park Trust is a not-for-profit NGO constituted in 1972 by herpetologist Romulus Whitaker and is India’s first reptile park. Also known as the Guindy Snake Park, it is located next to the Children’s Park in the Guindy National Park campus. Located on the former home of the Madras Crocodile Bank Trust, the park is home to a wide range of snakes such as adders, pythons, vipers, cobras and other reptiles. The park has a digital Infotainment based visitors interpretation centre. Chennai Snake Park also has some interesting real life exhibits and valuable information on different types of reptiles. The entrance of the museum has a good display of preserved specimens of amphibians, lizards, turtles and snakes. There are also photographs of prominent scientists who studied Indian reptiles and amphibians. The main highlight of the museum is the life size models of Indian reptiles showing special features in appearance and behaviour. The exhibits of water monitors, flying snakes, King Cobra, Indian Rock and Reticulated Python and rat snakes in a combat dance provide visitors interesting facts and information. Source:  This footage is part of the professionally-shot broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of HD imagery from South Asia. The collection comprises of 150, 000+ hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on HDCAM / SR 1080i High Definition, Alexa, SR, XDCAM and 4K. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewing and production solutions across South Asia. We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... Please subscribe to our channel wildfilmsindia on Youtube for a steady stream of videos from across India. Also, visit and enjoy your journey across India at www.clipahoy.com , India's first video-based social networking experience! Reach us at rupindang [at] gmail [dot] com and admin@wildfilmsindia.com To SUBSCRIBE click the below link: www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WildFilmsIndia Like &amp; Follow Us on: Facebook: www.facebook.com/WildernessFilmsIndiaLimited Website: www.wildfilmsindia.com
