---
title: "VIDEO ANNOUNCEMENT 2020 EDITION SUSPENSION"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SK2671V0U9SwiUBvv/x240"
vid_id: "x7ut6rr"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["rototom sunsplash","rototom","reggae"]
date: "2020-07-13T08:18:09+03:00"
duration: "PT2M24S"
---
Family,  <br>The latest information that we have for you, the people who have made the Rototom Sunsplash adventure possible for almost three decades, is not the good news that we had hoped for. We have suspended this year’s event. The current international health crisis does not permit the festival to be held this summer.  <br>We have worked up to the last minute for a memorable edition wrapped in a hopeful theme, We can change the world, but this shared dream will have to wait.  <br>A Rototom Sunsplash without hugs would not be Rototom. It would lose its essence, something that we want to preserve. We have therefore put the 2020 edition hold, but not our efforts and the desire to continue.  <br>A difficult year awaits us. After months of work by a large team to organize the festival this summer, it is time to reactivate the machinery to prepare for the next edition. We have enthusiasm and energy, but we need more than ever to continue counting on the support and involvement that you have shown us these 27 years. You have helped us to overcome every obstacle along the way.  <br>Acquiring your ticket in advance was already a gesture of confidence. Transforming it now into a direct passport to Rototom Sunsplash 2021 would give us oxygen to build your next reggae holiday in Benicàssim. It would go a long way to ensuring that this dream does not end.  <br>However, we know that the current situation is complicated for everyone and that maintaining your ticket is not an option for some of you. On our Rototom Sunsplash website we have published our guide on how to manage ticket refunds and any related questions.  <br>We promise you a memorable 27th edition, more exciting than ever, and we will fulfil our part of the deal: from August 16 to 22, 2021 in Benicàssim.  <br>While waiting, we have the illusion that there might be surprise capable of accelerating our reunion and comforting the disappointment of suspending the festival. Hopefully we can communicate it very soon.  <br>We will come back stronger, together. You deserve to be part of this unique experience once again.  <br>You are our certainty, and we want you here. You are Rototom, family.  <br>See you soon
