---
title: "WWE UNHAPPY With NXT! WWE Edit Out LEGIT INJURY! RIP Kamala WrestleTalk News"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SOPAA1VCM0EW6vucC/x240"
vid_id: "x7vhoqy"
categories: "sport"
tags: ["UNHAPPY","LEGIT","INJURY!"]
date: "2020-08-14T05:59:03+03:00"
duration: "PT14M38S"
---
Install Raid for Free ✅ IOS:   ✅ ANDROID:      <br>✅ PC:   and get a special starter pack Available only for the next 30 days!  <br>Would you like a quick round up of all the other wrestling news stories like that more often? Let me know in the comments down below...  <br>0:00 - RIP Kamala  <br>0:09 - WWE Edit Out Legit Injury  <br>3:25 - WWE Unhappy With NXT  <br>5:29 - Chris Jericho Controversy  <br>7:56 - RIP Kamala  <br>9:29 - World of Wrestling Roundup  <br>WWE UNHAPPY With NXT! WWE Edit Out LEGIT INJURY! RIP Kamala | WrestleTalk News  <br>Watch us on partsFUNknown!   <br>Buy WrestleTalk Merch here!    <br>Subscribe:  | Make sure to enable ALL push notifications!  <br>Watch the latest wrestling news:     <br>WWE UNHAPPY With NXT! WWE Edit Out LEGIT INJURY and more...  <br>Follow WrestleTalk:  <br>Facebook:   <br>Twitter:   <br>Discord:   <br>Watch More WrestleTalk:  <br>WrestleTalk News:    <br>WWE Reviews (Raw, Smackdown &amp; PPVs):    <br>WrestleRamble:    <br>Listen to WrestleTalk's PODCAST on iTunes:   <br>Support WrestleTalk on Patreon:   <br>Get NEWS &amp; UPDATES on WrestleTalk.com:   <br>WrestleTalk Spotify Discover Playlist:   <br>WrestleTalk Office Spotify playlist:   <br>About WrestleTalk:  <br>Welcome to the official WrestleTalk YouTube channel! WrestleTalk covers the sport of professional wrestling - including WWE TV shows (both WWE Raw &amp; WWE SmackDown LIVE), PPVs (such as Royal Rumble, WrestleMania &amp; SummerSlam), Impact Wrestling, ROH, New Japan, and more. Subscribe and enable ALL notifications for the latest wrestling WWE highlights, wrestling news, WWE 2K19 updates, and wrestlers exposed.  <br>Sources used for research:  <br>Kamala has died, testing positive -   <br>Wrestlers react to Kamala -   <br>WWE statement -   <br>Legit Top Injury to NXT star (video image) -   <br>WWE unhappy with NXT ratings, added new writers -   <br>Breakdo
