---
title: "The Latest Thiem beats Medvedev to reach US Open final"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SSedB1VNH2ewL87dB/x240"
vid_id: "x7w5iob"
categories: "news"
tags: ["News TV","news","news today"]
date: "2020-09-14T12:37:03+03:00"
duration: "PT3M25S"
---
News TV  <br>NEW YORK — The Latest on the U. S. Open tennis tournament (all times EDT):Dominic Thiem has advanced to his first U. Open final, beating Daniil Medvedev 6-2, 7-6 (7), 7-6 (5). The second-seeded Thiem will play Sunday against No. 5 seed Alexander Zverev, with the winner earning his first Grand Slam title. Thiem has had three previous chances, losing back-to-back French Opens to Rafael Nadal in 2018 and 2019 and this year’s Australian Open to top-ranked Novak Djokovic. He got another opportunity by overcoming a 5-2 deficit in the third set after he had been treated for a right Achilles tendon injury after the second set. Medvedev, the runner-up to Nadal last year in Flushing Meadows, hadn’t dropped a set coming into the semifinals. Daniil Medvedev has gotten into it again with chair umpire Damien Dumusois at the U. Open. The trouble started when Medvedev hit a serve that he believed was long while trailing 3-2 in the first set of his semifinal against Dominic Thiem. The ball was called in and Medvedev wanted to challenge the call, but Dumusois said he signaled for it too late. Medvedev crossed the net to show where he thought the mark was, and Dumusois called the violation. Medvedev then pleaded his case — sarcastically — to Grand Slam supervisor Wayne McKewen, who informed Medvedev he wasn’t allowed to cross the net. Responded Medvedev: “Sorry, I think I killed someone, right? Sorry, I was so bad to cross the net. Sorry, my apologies, my sincere apologies to the U. Open for crossing the net. Oh my God. ”Dumusois gave Medvedev a code violation in a match last year after the Russian snatched a towel from a ballperson. The crowd booed Medvedev, who egged them on the rest of the match. The point gave Thiem a 4-2 lead and he went on to take the first set. Daniil Medvedev is trying to take the last and what should be the toughest step toward a return to the U. Open final, facing No. 2 seed Dominic Thiem. Medvedev lost to Rafael Nadal in last year’s final and has been cruising in his quest to get back to it. The third-seeded Russian hasn’t dropped a set in his five matches. But Thiem is a much higher-quality opponent, a three-time Grand Slam finalist who is also seeking his first major title.   <br>All data is taken from the source:   <br>Article Link: 
