---
title: "Community Fishing in Assam or Wetland Plunder?"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SJsGC1V0Uvxqo7kUP/x240"
vid_id: "x7us5cc"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Community","Fishing","Assam"]
date: "2020-07-07T15:22:11+03:00"
---
It’s the month of grand feast in Assam, the end of harvest season that represents the festival of food, known as Bhogali Bihu in Assamese. The celebration of this festival starts with Uruka i.e. the first day of Bhogali Bihu. On this very day people go for Community fishing, which happens once in a year in a lake as a part of feasting and celebration. Community fishing is done usually in village areas in Assam where Assamese villagers participate with full zeal. Being an age-old tradition it has emerged as an annual Mela in the Goroimari Lake in Panbari village, which is about 50Kms from Guwahati, the capital city of Assam. Men, women and children from all ages come to this Lake carrying their traditional fishing equipment to catch fish. It is interesting and unusual sights to see thousands of people gather around the Lake for fishing. It is celebrated at the time when all the cultivation work gets over and there are plenty of foods to eat and enjoy. Community fishing is the part of the cultural heritage of the tribal communities in Assam and this practice of fishing employs unique fishing methods based on indigenous knowledge system passed on by their ancestors to catch fish for food. The villagers use an indigenous raft made by tying whole bamboo pieces with coir and ropes. Basically they use bamboo as a material to make fishing gear. During community fishing people usually make a large catch for grand community feast that continues overnight in bhelaghar or meji, which is a makeshift hut made of bamboo and haystack to spend night enjoying the Bihu dance and delicious food. In Northeastern India Community fishing is a significant event especially during social/religious festivals and in Assam where Bihu is celebrated as a national festival people grandly celebrates this festival as a part of a ritual. This footage is part of the professionally-shot broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of HD imagery from South Asia. The Wilderness Films India collection comprises of 50, 000+ hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on HDCAM / SR 1080i High Definition, Alexa, SR, XDCAM and 4K. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewing and production solutions across South Asia. We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... Please subscribe to our channel wildfilmsindia on Youtube for a steady stream of videos from across India. Also, visit and enjoy your journey across India at www.clipahoy.com , India's first video-based social networking experience! Reach us at rupindang @ gmail . com and admin@wildfilmsindia.com  <br>
