---
title: "Indian Woman goes crazy, drives over another woman with her tractor"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SMoQp1V8HhACs7FJP/x240"
vid_id: "x7v8o1f"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Indian","Woman","crazy,"]
date: "2020-07-31T11:55:11+03:00"
duration: "PT5M50S"
---
This woman seems to have gone crazy and drives around private property in her tractor, even running over a woman who comes in her way. she seems to have a revolver tucked into her sari dress. This every-day human drama takes place in Bijnour, Uttar Pradesh, India. Other women get pissed off with her, start screaming and hold her down by tightening down her dress, while a man comes and shuts down the tractor and takes away the keys. A policeman lands up and books her for lawlessness and dangerous driving. He takes pictures and video of the complainants, as evidence. A whole posse of policemen land up as the matter seems to be getting more and more serious. Since policemen cannot arrest and take away a woman in India, policewomen next come into the picture and escort her to the police station, for filing a case against her. The machinery of law does work in India! This footage is part of the professionally-shot broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of HD imagery from South Asia. The collection comprises of 100, 000+ hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on HDCAM / SR 1080i High Definition, Alexa, SR, XDCAM and 4K. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewing and production solutions across South Asia. We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... Please subscribe to our channel wildfilmsindia on Youtube for a steady stream of videos from across India. Also, visit and enjoy your journey across India at www.clipahoy.com , India's first video-based social networking experience! Reach us at rupindang [at] gmail [dot] com and admin@wildfilmsindia.com To SUBSCRIBE click the below link: www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WildFilmsIndia Like &amp; Follow Us on: Facebook: www.facebook.com/WildernessFilmsIndiaLimited Website: www.wildfilmsindia.com
