---
title: "Nigerian woman goes berserk in Bangalore, restrained by cops"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SML6F1V6wS80h9WIP/x240"
vid_id: "x7v63db"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Nigerian","woman","berserk"]
date: "2020-07-26T04:24:05+03:00"
duration: "PT4M58S"
---
There was huge ruckus at a market in Bengaluru on Monday when an African woman, allegedly drunk, became unruly at a series of shops selling mobile phones in Upparpet and started abusing the staff. Police says to restrain the woman, shopkeepers had to tie her hands. The shopkeepers then called the police, which took the woman to a government hospital for a medical check-up. Footage from the hospital shows the woman charging at police personnel and trying to pull the collapsible gates at the entrance to the hospital building. The images then show people running from behind her with a sheet and bringing her to the ground. The woman was admitted to the National Institute of Mental Health and Neuro Sciences in the city. &quot;Around 4.30pm, a couple entered national market... Shop number 27... One of them is a Nigerian. She was with her boyfriend. They indulged in inappropriate behaviour. When the shop keeper objected to their behaviour, the woman abused him and the staff. Also broke the glass. Other shop keepers came and tied her hands,&quot; said Sharath Chandra, Additional Commissioner of Police, West. &quot;She was taken to the KC General hospital, Malleswaram. She pushed all the policemen and the woman cop. It was difficult to control. Now she is in Nimhans. She is presently detained. Once discharged, we will arrest her,&quot; he added. Bengaluru is home to thousands of students from Africa and there have been unfortunate cases of assaults on members of the community. Police have special programmes targeting at bringing greater harmony between locals and African students and workers. sources-  This footage is part of the professionally-shot broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of HD imagery from South Asia. The collection comprises of 150, 000+ hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on HDCAM / SR 1080i High Definition, Alexa, SR, XDCAM and 4K. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewing and production solutions across South Asia. We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... Please subscribe to our channel wildfilmsindia on Youtube for a steady stream of videos from across India. Also, visit and enjoy your journey across India at www.clipahoy.com , India's first video-based social networking experience! Reach us at rupindang [at] gmail [dot] com and admin@wildfilmsindia.com To SUBSCRIBE click the below link: www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WildFilmsIndia Like &amp; Follow Us on: Facebook: www.facebook.com/WildernessFilmsIndiaLimited Website: www.wildfilmsindia.com
