---
title: "What Do You Like To Do? Kids Songs Super Simple Songs"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SAbhk1VBTv8Necv5u/x240"
vid_id: "x7tc4j2"
categories: "school"
tags: ["Songs","Super","Simple"]
date: "2020-08-11T12:44:03+03:00"
duration: "PT1M55S"
---
Watch this video and MUCH more in the Super Simple App for iOS! ►   <br>What do YOU like to do? Sing along with the latest kids song from Super Simple Songs!   <br>Listen to Super Simple Songs on Spotify:   <br>Listen to Super Simple Songs on Apple Music:   <br>Or, just ask your smart speaker to play Super Simple Songs!  <br>PARENTS AND TEACHERS: Thank you so much for watching Super Simple Songs with your families and/or students. If your young ones are watching without supervision, we recommend some of the following viewing options:  <br>► SUPER SIMPLE APP --   <br>Be the first to watch new Super Simple videos in the Super Simple App! Ad-free and designed for young learners.  <br>► DOWNLOAD --   <br>Videos from all Super Simple channels are available for purchase at the Super Simple online shop. You can also find some DVDs there.  <br>► YOUTUBE KIDS --   <br>Designed to make it safer and simpler for young ones to watch online video, YouTube Kids includes a suite of parental controls so you can tailor the experience to suit your family’s needs.  <br>► AMAZON VIDEO  <br>Are you an Amazon Prime member? Watch Super Simple videos ad-free on Amazon Prime Video. Just search for “Super Simple.”  <br>► KHAN ACADEMY KIDS --   <br>Super Simple has partnered with Khan Academy on their latest app designed for preschoolers. You’ll find Super Simple Songs worked into the curriculum throughout the app.  <br>► PLAYKIDS --   <br>Do you have the PlayKids app? You can find many of our Super Simple Songs and programs in the app!  <br>FREE SUPER SIMPLE TEACHING RESOURCES:   <br>SOCIAL MEDIA:  <br>Super Simple Newsletter Sign Up:   <br>Facebook:   <br>Instagram:   <br>Twitter:   <br>Pinterest:   <br>*****  <br>Lyrics:  <br>What do you like to do?   <br>I like dancing  <br>But I don’t like dancing with a bear  <br>I like swimming  <br>But I don’t like swimming in the air  <br>I like drawing  <br>But I don’t like drawing with a spoon  <br>I like cooking  <br>But I don’t like cooking on the moon  <br>I like riding a bike  <br>But I don’t like riding a shark  <br>I like petting a soft furry dog  <br>But I don’t like petting an aardvark  <br>Oh  <br>I like running  <br>But I don’t like running with a bee  <br>I like painting  <br>But I don’t like painting in a tree  <br>I like reading  <br>But I don’t like reading upside-down  <br>I like skiing  <br>But I don’t like skiing on a merry-go-round  <br>I like playing hide and seek  <br>But I don’t like playing hide and sleep  <br>I like singing with all my friends  <br>But I don’t like singing with a sheep (Baaaa!)  <br>What do you like to do?  <br>*****  <br>Super Simple Songs® and Super Simple Learning® are registered trademarks of Skyship Entertainment Company.
