---
title: "Radhika Madan Speaks On Nepotism After Sushant Singh Rajput's Demise"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SJbA61U_fke_ff2Zw/x240"
vid_id: "x7uqnba"
categories: "people"
tags: ["Radhika Madan","Sushant Singh Rajput","Nepotism"]
date: "2020-07-07T12:53:10+03:00"
---
The sudden death of actor Sushant Singh Rajput has initiated a debate on nepotism in the Hindi film industry. The latest one to join the debate is Radhika Madan who started her career from Television and then shifted to Bollywood. Sushant too rose to fame with TV show Pavitra Rishta and has then come to Bollywood. Just like Sushant, Radhika too has no godfather in the industry and has achieved everything by her talent. In a recent interview, Radhika spoke about the sad demise of Sushant. She said, &quot;Sushant was the one who inspired all of us. I took that leap from TV to Bollywood because he made it look so possible. He played that part. I always used to give his examples whenever people came to me and suggested that I stick to TV because TV actors ko koi nahi leta. I want to remember him for the work that he did.” She was further asked that if she has faced any biasness in the showbiz, to which she replied, &quot;Not because I am a TV actress but because I am not from the industry. Of course, we face it. It's relevant and it's there. But at the same time, I also believe in giving my 200%. Even if I know that the role is being offered to a star kid, I always request for an audition at least. My job is to give my best and sleep peacefully at night thinking I gave my best, now whatever happens, happens. It existed in the industry and people were aware about it but I really don't want people to lose lives to realise it. I want all of us to be courageous enough to address the issue and solve it.” This isn’t the first time that Radhika has spoken about the existence of Nepotism in the industry. A few months ago, she had told how she auditioned for a role but it was eventually given to a star kid.
