---
title: "KeKe Wyatt - Great Is Thy Faithfulness - Bobby Jones Gospel - 2015"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SQjnn1VKDsCW02lrf/x240"
vid_id: "x7vuqgh"
categories: "music"
tags: ["rb divas","karen clark","clark sisters"]
date: "2020-09-04T21:30:20+03:00"
duration: "PT9M59S"
---
Great Is Thy Faithfulness is a popular Christian hymn written by Thomas Chisholm (1866–1960) with music composed by William M. Runyan (1870–1957) in Baldwin City, Kansas, U.S.  <br>The phrase &quot;great is thy faithfulness&quot; comes from the Old Testament Book of Lamentations 3:23. These exact words occur in both the King James Bible and the Revised Standard Version.  <br>Thomas O. Chisholm wrote the poem in 1923 about God's faithfulness over his lifetime. Chisholm sent the song to William Runyan in Kansas, who was affiliated with both the Moody Bible Institute and Hope Publishing Company. Runyan set the poem to music, and it was published that same year by Hope Publishing Company and became popular among church groups.[1] The Biblical lyrics reference Lamentations 3:22-23.[2] The song was exposed to wide audiences after becoming popular with Dr. William Henry Houghton of the Moody Bible Institute and Billy Graham, who used the song frequently on his international crusades.[3] Since the middle 20th century, this hymn has been the university hymn of Cairn University which was formerly Philadelphia Biblical University and prior to that Philadelphia College of Bible, founded in 1913.  <br>In 2019, the song entered the public domain in the United States  <br>Great is Thy faithfulness, O God my Father;  <br>There is no shadow of turning with Thee,  <br>Thou changest not, Thy compassions they fail not,  <br>As Thou hast been, Thou forever wilt be.  <br>Great is Thy faithfulness!  <br>Great is Thy faithfulness!  <br>Morning by morning new mercies I see  <br>All I have needed Thy hand hath provided  <br>Great is Thy faithfulness, Lord unto me!  <br>Summer and winter and springtime and harvest,  <br>Sun, moon, and stars in their courses above;  <br>Join with all nature in manifold witness,  <br>To Thy great faithfulness, mercy, and love.  <br>Pardon for sin and a peace that endureth,  <br>Thine own dear presence to cheer and to guide;  <br>Strength for today, and bright hope for tomorrow  <br>Blessings all mine, with ten thousand beside.
