---
title: "Soul Edge & Soul Calibur - Soul Calibur VI - MAN AT ARMS- REFORGED"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SQHCv1VJAJXnAFUbx/x240"
vid_id: "x7vs855"
categories: "creation"
tags: ["man at arms","man at arms reforged","aweme"]
date: "2020-09-03T08:17:05+03:00"
duration: "PT30M14S"
---
Thanks to SoulCalibur VI for sponsoring this episode. Prepare for battle and order your copy today!    <br>To get ready for Soul Calibur 6, our blacksmiths take on some of their biggest builds yet... the Soul Calibur sword &amp; Soul Edge blade!  <br>Our team of blacksmiths and craftsman build some of your favorite weapons and some weapons that you've never seen before.  <br>Ever wanted to ask the Man At Arms team a question? Now you can! Go to AWEme’s Twitter: @awemechannel and use #AskABlacksmith with your question. the Blacksmiths will be answering your questions with a video reply on AWEme’s Facebook.  <br>Filmed on Location at Baltimore Knife and Sword  <br>Kerry Stagmer - Swordsmith and Machinist  <br>Matt Stagmer- Swordsmith /  Blade Grinder  <br>Ilya Alekseyev - Bladesmith / Armourer  <br>John Mitchell – Shop forman / Lead fabricator  <br>Ferenc Gregor – Carving and design  <br>Bill Collison- Assistant Blade Grinder  <br>Rick Janney- Assistant Smith  <br>Tanner Saslow - Machinist/Knifemaker  <br>Chainmail by Xandr of ArtisauMaille -   <br>Episode Produced and Directed By - Brendan Kennedy  <br>Supervising Producer - Phil Rogers  <br>Office Production Coordinator – Sarah Rivera  <br>Baltimore Forge Crew:  <br>Producer - Kerry Stagmer  <br>Director of Photography - Paulius Kontijevas  <br>Story Producer — Katie Shinsato  <br>Production Manager – Patricia Parris  <br>Runner/PA – Tori Markham  <br>Camera Op – Chris Mariles  <br>Set Medic – Kevin Dugard  <br>1st AC – Jason Remeikis  <br>2nd AC – Michael &quot;MJ&quot; Johnson  <br>DIT - Nate Spivey  <br>Gaffer – Steve Scott  <br>Grip – Jeff Calloway  <br>Post Production:  <br>Edited by — Patrick Burke  <br>Colorist – Patrick Burke  <br>Post Sound – Anthony Vanchure  <br>Lead Assistant Editors – Stephen Erdmann  <br>Director of Post Production - Michael Gallagher  <br>Post Production Supervisor – Alex Tzavalas  <br>This is a sponsored video.  <br>Making Soul Edge &amp; Soul Calibur - Soul Calibur IV - MAN AT ARMS: REFORGED
