---
title: "Porsche 911 Turbo crashes and catches fire in India"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SKp0K1V2c-7nBr4sJ/x240"
vid_id: "x7uxhck"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Porsche","Turbo","crashes"]
date: "2020-07-13T14:02:08+03:00"
duration: "PT4M8S"
---
According to an eyewitness account, the Porsche 911 Turbo in question was driving on the other side, and quite simply aquaplaned and burst into flames. The now burnt down Porsche was going at about 250 kmph, and aquaplaned. High speed, rain collected water on ORR, and loss of traction worked collectively to get the driver in a tight spot. He lost control at high speed, and is alive. The car however wasn’t so lucky. Having lost traction, and resultantly control, the Sunday morning regular at Hyderabad Outer Ring Road caught fire in no time. The blame is being laid on the water surface that caused the vehicle to become unresponsive momentarily, as it quickly hit a divider. Upon impact, the Porsche 911 Turbo caught fire. From then on, it was a quick demise. No other road user was injured in the freak accident. The impact was such, car pieces could be found at a distance from the burning spot. It is possible traction control was off, and applying brakes when the car aquaplaned bore no result. The impact was close to a curve where water had collected. The driver hadn’t lowered speed on approaching the curve. After hitting a steel railing, the Porsche 911 Turbo front axle and bumper fell apart. A crack appeared on the impact side. With the right side severely damaged, fuel tank impact triggered a quick fire, proving to be a point of no return. Source:  This footage is part of the professionally-shot broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of HD imagery from South Asia. The Wilderness Films India collection comprises of 50, 000+ hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on HDCAM / SR 1080i High Definition, Alexa, SR, XDCAM and 4K. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewing and production solutions across South Asia. We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... Please subscribe to our channel wildfilmsindia on Youtube for a steady stream of videos from across India. Also, visit and enjoy your journey across India at www.clipahoy.com , India's first video-based social networking experience! Reach us at rupindang @ gmail . com and admin@wildfilmsindia.com  <br>
