---
title: "Botchamania 417"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SQb0W1VIJd64ygUpr/x240"
vid_id: "x7vtyqo"
categories: "sport"
tags: ["botches","botchamania","wwe"]
date: "2020-09-01T03:42:04+03:00"
duration: "PT19M58S"
---
Music...  <br>Let's walk toward the universe by Hiroaki Sano (Division Guardian: Twinkle-Star)  <br>Airship Fortress by Shinobu Tanaka (Mario Kart DS)  <br>Thanks To...  <br>Odie Kenodi for the fabulous intro  <br>MLP_Shad for pointing out the 2K18 audio  <br>Self-hating Jusin Valencia for the ICW NY table  <br>83 Weeks can be listened to here  <br>Vinny Rattlocke for himself  <br>Jen Louise for the lovely reading  <br>kimberly magnuson for the amazing Metalocalypse ending  <br>Remi Steele for continuing the GTA Robert Stone feud  <br>Steve Williams/aeonlinear for his magnum opus  <br>Notes...  <br>Summerslam was way better than expected (if you can stomach the Thunderdome, overly-lit, fake crowd production) in terms of in-ring action. NXT was better than Portland too and I don't know why people were tweeting me &quot;hey lots of stuff for Botchamania!&quot; during the ladder match because a sunset flip wasn't perfectly hit. It's a five man ladder match, not Gotch/Hackenschmidt.  <br>AEW Dynamite has been a blast too, I'm glad I'm here to point out the negatives when wrestling is very slowly crawling back to normal.  <br>Covering the Thunderdome shit-posting is fun because it means I get to preach HEY NOW, SHOWING KKK &amp; EXECUTION CLIPS IS TOO FAR when I'm sat at home laughing at Benoit's sudden re-appearance. We've all got our different sensibilities I guess and maybe I'm getting old but I think shit-posting with stuff like Mike Awesome or DSP clips or even K-Pop fancams is funnier than Liveleak clips.  <br>Far Cry 3 Never Die.  <br>Hope you enjoy Jen Louise, I'm trying to feature more than just the same five pale UK lads that dominate YouTube videos. And she's good crack (when she's not promising to drink you under the table followed by going home first).  <br>
