---
title: "Andrew Eborn with actor, director Sean Cronin"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SKghL1V2lSGgxZnCW/x240"
vid_id: "x7uwr11"
categories: "fun"
tags: ["The Marionettes","Pearl Jam","Nirvana"]
date: "2020-07-19T02:08:40+03:00"
duration: "PT2H14M14S"
---
Andrew Eborn is joined by actor, director Sean Cronin to discuss:  <br>Life on the road with the gothic rock band The Marionettes, touring with bands such as Pearl Jam and Nirvana,  <br>playing a High Priest in The Mummy  <br>The World Is Not Enough,   <br>Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets,  <br>Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation  <br>The Antwerp Dolls,  <br>Kill Kane, opposite Vinnie Jones.   <br>Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, J. K. Rowling  <br>Escape to Gossau, co-directed with Michael Koltes.   <br>The Dark Return of Time, based on the novel by R.B. Russell, starring Eric Roberts and Adrian Paul.   <br>Give Them Wings, with Toyah which focuses on the life of disabled writer Paul Hodgson  <br>Michael, a biopic of boxer Michael Watson.  <br>Andrew Eborn is conducting exclusive video interviews with great guests from Australia to Zambia  <br>If you would like to be involved write to Guests@OctopusTV.com   <br>“Magical “ Sir David Frost&quot;  <br>Andrew Eborn is a very talented interviewer. Andrew is a barrister , magician a true showman &amp; President of Octopus Television, London. When Andrew interviews his subject he makes them feel extremely relaxed &amp; a joy to work with.&quot; Linda Rifkind  <br>Andrew Eborn is “an extraordinary interviewer” James Fortune, Hollywood Director“Brilliant” The Magic Circular  <br>Paul Gordon &quot;Andrew Eborn has now interviewed me twice. He's very good at it too because he asks tough questions without being tough and - like Sir Michael Parkinson - he asks questions the viewer would like to ask.&quot;  <br>&quot; If it wasn’t for Andrew Eborn I would not have had the power to do what I am doing. ,,,, So thank you for the opportunity and trying this stuff.&quot; Charmaine  <br>&quot;I like your interview style. It’s buzzy, prepared and strong. You do it very well&quot;  <br>&quot;Brilliant and buzzing&quot; Ed Hood  <br>&quot; Easily one of the best interviews I've ever had &quot; - Andy Kyriacou, Moderm Romance  <br>Elizabeth Evangelista  &quot;Andrew Eborn is a bloody natural !&quot;   <br>&quot;Andrew Eborn is  electric, magnetic, and his intelligence in the music business and on the history of London is just mind-boggling !&quot;  <br>&quot;Andrew Eborn is not only educating me ~ but entertaining me also ! ~ Andrew is priceless !  <br>Lazar Vukovic &quot; Andrew Eborn -  A man born to entertain&quot;  <br>Follow @AndrewEborn @OctopusTV  <br>© Octopus TV Ltd 2020.  <br>
