---
title: "Argentina enabled individual sports under the pressure to relax the COVID-19 quarantine"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SPaAC1VFN_61gg01p/x240"
vid_id: "x7vo9sc"
categories: "news"
tags: ["sport","government","spain"]
date: "2020-08-20T09:10:13+03:00"
duration: "PT3M14S"
---
The National Government made official this Wednesday (August 19) the authorization for the practice of individual sports and reported how the protocol that must be respected in the context of the coronavirus pandemic is. For its part, the racetrack will reopen its doors for track tests and the Palermo golf course in Buenos Aires will once again operate.  <br>This has happened under the pressure is building on the government to relax quarantine restrictions, given the economic turmoil facing the country, which has been in recession since 2018. The economy is expected to contract by more than 10 percent this year.  <br>A poll from Giacobbe &amp; Asociados published Tuesday, based on consultations with 2,500 people last week, reported that 44 percent of those quizzed disapproved of the government's most recent extension of the lockdown, with only 43 percent approving of the extension.  <br>Through Administrative Decision 1518/2020, within the framework of the Social Distancing and Social, Preventive, and Compulsory Isolation measures, the Executive Power incorporated within the authorized protocols the corresponding one for the development of individual sports, &quot;including their practice in clubs and public and private institutions and sports centers ”.  <br>Requested by the Ministry of Tourism and Sports, the head of the Health portfolio, Ginés González García and the Chief of Cabinet, Santiago Cafiero, formalized the authorization for the practice of individual sports &quot;for recreational purposes&quot;, such as snow activities; watersports; climbing; Athletics; badminton; rafting; cycling (fixed circuit and BMX); equestrian; gymnastics; Golf; swimming; single paddle; pentathlon; dumbbells; rowing; skateboarding; surf; single table tennis; single tennis; threw; triathlon and yachting. The permit is valid for the City of Buenos Aires and the rest of the provinces, whose administrations must adopt the final decision for the effective return of each activity in the respective districts.  <br>&quot;To those who practice them, I ask you not to have a third time of social meeting because there the risk is great,&quot; President Alberto Fernández had warned last week at a press conference from Quinta de Olivos when he announced that they would be enabled individual sports. For his part, Horacio Rodríguez Larreta had remarked that “if the necessary care is maintained, the risk of contagion is low”, so that in the places where it is practiced, “only the areas to do sport will be enabled: neither the confectioneries, neither changing rooms nor common places ”.  <br>In all cases, the organization of shifts, if applicable, and the modes of work and transfer that guarantee the distancing and hygiene measures necessary to reduce the risk of contagion of coronavirus must be guaranteed.  <br>Last night at the last minute, the City's Chief of Staff, Felipe Miguel, celebrated the announcement on his social networks: “Now yes. For sports lovers, we just signed the decree that enables individual outdoor sports in the city. One more step&quot;.
