---
title: "American learns to eat Indian-style, with fingers"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SOClK1VCKRrWiDWsE/x240"
vid_id: "x7vglhw"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["American","learns","Indian-style,"]
date: "2020-08-16T22:13:02+03:00"
duration: "PT2M9S"
---
Indians teaching an American man how to eat in a pure desi Indian style. Eating food with the hands in today’s Western society can sometimes be perceived as being unhygienic, bad mannered and primitive. In India, eating with your hands is a tradition. Though cutlery is used everywhere, a lot of Indians prefer to eat Indian food with their hands. Eating food with your hands feeds not only the body but also the mind and the spirit. That is the Vedic wisdom behind Kerala's famous Banana Leaf Experience whose pleasure can only be appreciated fully, it is said, if one eats with hands and not fork and spoon. The Ayurvedic texts teach that each finger is an extension of one of the five elements. Through the thumb comes space; through the forefinger, air; through the mid-finger, fire; through the ring finger, water and through the little finger it is earth. Each finger aids in the transformation of food, before it passes on to internal digestion. Gathering the fingertips as they touch the food stimulates the five elements and invites Agni to bring forth the digestive juices. As well as improving digestion the person becomes more conscious of the tastes, textures and smells of the foods they are eating, which all adds to the pleasure of eating. Source :  This footage is part of the professionally-shot broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of HD imagery from South Asia. The Wilderness Films India collection comprises of tens of thousands of hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on HDCAM / SR 1080i High Definition, Alexa, SR, HDV and XDCAM. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewing and production solutions across South Asia. We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... Reach us at rupindang @ gmail . com and admin@wildfilmsindia.com.  <br>
