---
title: "Dirilis Ertugrul Season 5 Episode 30 in hd with urdu subtitles-Part 1"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SOH-51VEbDaIc7JlE/x240"
vid_id: "x7vh211"
categories: "fun"
tags: ["Dirilis ertugrul season 5","Dirilis ertugrul season 5 in urdu","Dirilis ertugrul season 5 full in urdu"]
date: "2020-08-17T15:40:13+03:00"
duration: "PT40M31S"
---
Dirilis Ertugrul Season 5 Episode 30 in hd with urdu subtitles  <br>Dirilis: Ertugrul (Resurrection: Ertugrul) is a Turkish historical fiction and adventure television series created by Mehmet Bozdag, starring Engin Altan Düzyatan in the title role. It was filmed in Riva, a village in the Beykoz district of Istanbul, Turkey, and premiered on TRT 1 in Turkey on December 10, 2014. The show is set in 13th century and centers around the life of Ertugrul, the father of Osman I, who was the founder of the Ottoman Empire.  <br>Season 5  <br>The fifth season takes place 10 years after the Battle of Kose Dag, where the Mongols took over the Seljuk state. The arrival of the new tax collectors, the Umurogullari, disrupts the balance of Sogut. Umur Bey's daughter, Ilbilge Hatun, infiltrates the Kayi tribe to gain information on Ertugrul, and falls in love with him. Meanwhile, Commander Dragos, a disgraced Byzantine warrior seeks to conquer Sogut. He kills Umur Bey and frames Gunduz Alp, pitting two tribes against each other.  <br>Emir Bahattin's presence serves to disrupt Ertugrul's plans against the Mongols. Following Gunduz's acquittal after the truth about Dragos is revealed, Beybolat Bey arrives. As the son of Umur Bey and Bey of the Umuroglu after his father's death he is a Seljuk assassin that works with the Mongols to wipe out rebelling Oguz Tribes, under a fake name Albasti. Ertugrul's brothers are on the run from Albasti and hide in the mountains. Beybolat seeks to marry Ilbilge with Bahattin, but his plans are ruined when Ertugrul asks her for marriage, and she accepts.  <br>Ertugrul raids the Mongols and steals the tax gold in order to start a huge war. This leads to Emir Bahattin's death with Albasti and Dragos still at large. Ertugrul survives an assassination attempt when Zangoc (the real Dragos) saves him from the assassin's arrows. Ertugrul now suspects Zangoc of being Dragos and tasks Mergen to track him. Hulagu Han sends Commander Alincak and Subutay to raid the Kayi tribe. They capture the family, make Beybolat the Bey, Artuk Bey the new bey of the Kayilar, and command Ertugrul to hand over the chest or else they take Osman's life. Ertugrul refuses to hand over the chest, allies with Dragos and Lefke Castle, and tasks Ilbilge Hatun with spying for him in the tribe.  <br>Sirma Hatun becomes the head hatun of the Kayi, angering Selcan who fights and assaults her. Suleyman is imprisoned by Beybolat for speaking out against his beylik, but escapes with Ilbilge's help. Ertugrul and his alps intercept a message from Hulagu Han and change it, saving Lefke Castle from being conquered. Ertugrul learns the location of his son by eavesdropping on a meeting between Uranos and Alincak, and saves him from becoming a Mongol slave. Then, Ertugrul trades the chest (the real contents of which he took, and replaced instead with falsified documents) for the right to his tribe back, and humiliates Alincak. When he realizes Alincak is going after Sultan Izzettin Kaykavus.  <br>
