---
title: "Panyor River Festival: the cultural heart of Arunachal"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SM1uM1V6D8tnagXN8/x240"
vid_id: "x7v4emu"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Panyor","River","Festival:"]
date: "2020-07-24T10:27:04+03:00"
duration: "PT2M18S"
---
Panyor River Festival is organized every year at Yazali, a beautiful valley near Itanagar, Arunachal Pradesh. The festival ran from 21st November to 25th November in 2013 and comprised of a fun-filled and action packed adventure tourism festival. Amidst a huge gathering, the second edition of the Panyor River Festival kicked off on the banks of the River Panyor at Yazali village, Arunachal Pradesh. Organized by the Arunachal Adventure Association in collaboration with Unicorn, a creative partner and PRI leaders the five day extravaganza was organized to promote tourism in the valley. The organising committee of an adventure fest for the first time invited all the representatives of the Apex bodies of Tani clan as dignitaries. This was ideated in order to improve tourism in central zone of the state which is yet to achieve major tourism boost like the eastern and western zones of the state. Festival chairman, ZPM Taba Techi expressed that the areas of Tani decendants fall under the same tourist circuit and representatives on their part need to initiate awareness at individual level in their respective areas. The representatives of apex bodies like Adi Bane Kebang, Galo Welfare Society, Apatani Cultural and Literary society, Tagin Cultural Society and Nyishi Elite society attended the inaugural. As part of the festival ritual the dignitaries released fingerlings in the Panyor River. Earlier the guests also inaugurated food stalls, exhibition stalls, tent area, trap shooting and flying fox sport. The festival despite its significance is yet to be declared by the state government as a calendar event of the state along with Ziro Festival of Music and Adventure@Mechuka festival. The representatives present expressed immense satisfaction over the idea of calling all the Abotani descendants under one platform, with the aim to develop tourism in state. Speaking at the inaugural occasion, ABK, president, Kangir Jamoh, while mentioning tourism as the fastest growing industry in the world said that, Yazali valley has the potential to be a tourist hub and that it needs to be given assistance. He appealed the organisers to continue to bring the descendants of Abo tani together and work in unison for a prosperous state in the long run. President GWS, Dr. Emi Rumi, President Apatani Cultural and Literary Society Tapi Tai,President Tagin Cultural Society Tabu Paktum and NES President Bengia Tolum also addressed the gathering. Expressing his happiness at the huge turnout on day one, festival director Chuku Mamma promised visitors all hospitality during the next five days of the festival. Source :- www.tntmagazine.in/arunachal-pradesh-panyor-river-festivals-begins/ This footage is part of the professionally-shot broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of HD imagery from South Asia. The Wilderness Films India collection comprises of 50, 000+ hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on HDCAM / SR 1080i High D
