---
title: "Indian heroes- Goutam Narayan saves the Pygmy Hog in India"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SQBeU1VHstgSxkGR0/x240"
vid_id: "x7vrqji"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Indian","heroes-","Goutam"]
date: "2020-08-30T07:40:09+03:00"
duration: "PT9M5S"
---
Known for its small size, the Pygmy Hog is the smallest species of wild pig. Scientifically known as Porcula salvania and Nol Gahori or Takuri Borah in Assamese, it is found only in the grassland of Manas Tiger Reserve of Assam in India. In the past they were found in a narrow belt of grassland south of Himalayan foothills in Uttar Pradesh, Nepal, Bihar, North Bengal and Assam. With features like that of a Wild boar, but relatively much smaller than even a baby wild boar, the adult Pygmy Hog measures about 65 cm (25 inches) in length and 25 cm (10 inches) in height and weighs in at around 8 to 9 kgs or under 20 pounds. Males are little bigger than females and can be identified by their moustache. Newborn babies weigh only 150 - 200 grams. A vestigial tail and only three pairs of mammary glands distinguish it from the wild boar, which, despite being much larger, often gets confused with pygmy hogs. Pygmy Hogs survive in tall grasslands and feed on roots, tubers, wild-fruits, termites, earthworms and eggs found in the grasslands. With the extinction of tall, wet grasslands in the region, the Pygmy Hog is currently restricted to a single viable population in the wild in Manas Tiger Reserve and couple of reintroduced populations in Sonai Rupai Wildlife Sanctuary and Orang National Park, all in North-Western Assam. Pygmy Hog is also mentioned in the red list category of the IUCN and is categorized as ‘Critically Endangered,’ putting it among the most threatened of all mammals. Although accurate numbers are not known, it is estimated that there may be only a few hundred, probably less than 300, Pygmy Hogs left in the wild. It is impossible to see Pygmy Hogs in their wild natural habitat, as they are very shy animals. They are well adapted to move fast through tall dense grasses with their streamlined bodies. Pygmy Hogs are very sensitive animals and their survival is closely linked to the existence of the tall, wet grasslands of the region, which, besides being a highly threatened habitat itself, is also crucial for survival of a number of other endangered species. With the aim to saving the species and its habitat the Pygmy Hog Conservation Programme (PHCP), a broad-based research and conservation programme is a collaborative project of the Durrell Wildlife Conservation Trust, IUCN/SSC Wild Pig Specialist Group, the Forest Department – Govt. of Assam and the Ministry of Environment &amp; Forests – Govt. of India that has been trying to conserve Pygmy Hogs and other such endangered species of the tall grasslands of the region through field research, captive breeding and re-introduction after adequate restoration of degraded former habitats. It is administered in Assam by EcoSystems-India. One of the main activities of PHCP is conservation breeding of pygmy hogs. PHCP maintains a captive population of about 50 hogs and has reintroduced 60 hogs over five years in Sonai Rupai Wildlife Sanctuary and Orang National Park. The only captive breeding center in Assa
