---
title: "Goatie on the railway track : Goat-way or train track?"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SN2bv1V8uQ_7gz_Fk/x240"
vid_id: "x7va35l"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Goatie","railway","track"]
date: "2020-08-01T14:49:06+03:00"
duration: "PT1M15S"
---
A herd of goats seem to pay little heed to rail safety as they occupy the railway tracks at Shahdara station, Delhi. Shahdara, is a geographical region in the city of Delhi, India, situated on the banks of Yamuna river. It is one of the oldest localities of Delhi and integral to what is known as Purani Dilli (Old Delhi). Shahdara has eight union councils. Indian Railways is an Indian state-owned enterprise, owned and operated by the Government of India through the Ministry of Railways. It is one of the world's largest railway networks comprising 115,000 km (71,000 mi) of track over a route of 65,000 km (40,000 mi) and 7,500 stations. In 2011, IR carried over 8,900 million passengers annually or more than 24 million passengers daily (roughly half of which were suburban passengers) and 2.8 million tons of freight daily. In 2011--2012 Indian Railways had revenues of INR1119848.9 million (US$19 billion) which consists of INR696759.7 million (US$12 billion) from freight and INR286455.2 million (US$4.8 billion) from passengers tickets. Source: Wikipedia This footage is part of the professionally-shot broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of HD imagery from South Asia. The Wilderness Films India collection comprises of 50, 000+ hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on HDCAM / SR 1080i High Definition, Alexa, SR, HDV and XDCAM. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewing and production solutions across South Asia. We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... Please subscribe to our channel wildfilmsindia on Youtube for a steady stream of videos from across India. Also, visit and enjoy your journey across India at www.clipahoy.com , India's first video-based social networking experience! Reach us at rupindang @ gmail . com and admin@wildfilmsindia.com
