---
title: "Robin Gibb's Blue Glass Mews by KTT with RJ Gibb & Andrew Eborn"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SQwnZ1VKgcwfrCW4_/x240"
vid_id: "x7vvvj7"
categories: "music"
tags: ["Robin Gibb","RJ Gibb","Glasses"]
date: "2020-09-06T03:05:05+03:00"
duration: "PT6M45S"
---
Robin Gibb's Blue Glass Mews by KTT - MUSE Club Limited Edition **Classic** BODDING'S STEAM-BASKET SPECS (aka STEAM-BASKETS)   <br>BODDING'S STEAM BASKET SUNGLASSES ARE PRE-ORDER AND FOR THIS INCREDIBLE ONE OFF INTRODUCTORY PRICE YOU CAN SECURE YOURS NOW BY E-MAILING:  <br>ktt@octopustv.com  <br>AND YOU WILL BE SENT FURTHER DETAILS AS WELL AS YOUR MUSE CLUB MEMBERSHIP CONFIRMATION.   <br>YOU CAN BUY THEM NOW FOR £99.99 HOWEVER ALL WHO E-MAIL US TO RESERVE A PAIR, WILL RECEIVE THEM FOR ONLY £88.88!  <br>IN HONOUR OF THE LAST DAY IN AUGUST  <br>BEAR IN MIND, AS EACH PAIR OF BODDING'S STEAM BASKETS, AS A BESPOKE, FLAGSHIP, MUSE CLUB CLASSIC DESIGN, IS MANUFACTURED ESPECIALLY PER-ORDER &amp; SO WILL TAKE AN ESTIMATED 20 - 30 DAYS TO REACH YOU.   <br>These are the eagerly anticipated Robin Gibb's Blue Glass Mews by KTT Core Design MUSE Club Official STEAM BASKET shades  aka the 'STEAM BASKETS' aka 'BODDING'S BASKETS'.  <br>They are a colander-frame, metallic, retro-style, round-lensed, Steampunk pair of beautiful and very cool shades, with anti-reflective &amp; UV400 protected lenses.  <br>As we've stated previously, we always strive, whenever &amp; wherever possible, to make affordable to the many what is usually only affordable to the few.  With these shades, which are normally between £150 - £300, we pulled strings &amp; called in favours, as well as utilising some good old fashioned haggling, to slash the price down to just £99.99, an incredible 'steal' of an offer.  <br>But all who reserve a pair now via e-mail, will receive a discount:  <br>Based on Robin Gibb's Ideal design for &quot;Lennon-esque&quot; Steampunk shades, however as these are a Limited Edition range, unlike our other 'Core Design' range our fantastic &amp; very cool Gibby's range, all designs in the MUSE Club 'Steam-Basket Specs' range afford the paying customer a MUSE Club membership &amp; of course all of the benefits a MUSE Club membership has to offer.  <br>The Steam-Basket range also includes our second of 3 Flagship designs, our:  <br>MUSE Club Flagship No.7 Bodding's Blue Steam-Basket Specs (the M7 design) aka 'Bodding's Blue Baskets'  <br>Which happens to be the 'Sister' Flagship of 2 other designs in our Gibby's range:  <br>Gibby's Flagship No.2 'Bodding's Blues' (the G2 design).  <br>&amp; our Hexagon Specs range  <br>Both designs being the result of Robin &amp; his son RJ's design brainstorming &quot;jam sessions&quot; during their breaks in-between recording at Redbreast Record's own Coronation Studios (full name Coronation Room Studios) which took place there over roughly a 5 year period from 2007 - 2012. Robin kept designing right until the end of his amazing life, even from his hospital bed would he sketch &amp; write down notes detailing all sorts of designs &amp; not just for sunglasses. Over time we'll be revealing as many of those specific designs we can manufacture or source.       <br>*Fittingly, we've included a new lens colour 'tea-tints' in honour of Robin's favourite drink. He loved a nice hot cup at close of day*   <br>ADDITIONAL INFO:  <br>Brand Name: KTT's RGBG Mews  MUSE Club **Class
