---
title: "Bird Man of India - thousands of Parakeets feed at his Chennai house"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SMb8L1V7Z-oqsHBXE/x240"
vid_id: "x7v7i1h"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["India","thousands","Parakeets"]
date: "2020-07-28T20:13:02+03:00"
duration: "PT7M16S"
---
With the pace of life speeding up, it is getting harder to take time out for our loved ones. The importance of family values is diminishing. Yet, even in this frenetic pace of life there is a kind-hearted man in Chennai who spreads love through his work even to birds. Joseph Sekar is a camera mechanic by profession. He owns four thousand five hundred vintage cameras and hopes to, one day, establish a museum where he can display his camera collection. He is unable to do so due to lack of space and finances. His passion for cameras is however not the source of his popularity… that is an entirely different activity. To those who may not be familiar with the name of Joseph Sekar, he is better known as the “Bird Man of India”. Among the chaos and urban setting of Chennai in southern India, this 62-year-old Bird Man - rises early in the morning to perform the first important activity of his day: to feed his friends - his parakeets. A 4,000 to 4,500 strong flock of parakeets comes and sits patiently on nearby electric cables waiting for Sekar to come out. He sets up thick rows of rice on planks of wood on his rooftop for the parakeets. Flocks of these parakeets visit his home for food daily. He feeds his feathered friends once in the morning and then again in the evening. Sekar's connection with these birds began when a Tsunami hit the city ten years ago. Thousands of parakeets sat on his wall in search of food and this led to his daily activity. He spends 40% of his income on feeding these birds. These parakeets are like children to him. Spreading love and kindness keeps Sekar happy and it is the same message that he wants to spread all over the world. This footage is part of the broadcast stock footage archive of Wilderness Films India Ltd., the largest collection of HD imagery from South Asia. The collection comprises of 150, 000+ hours of high quality broadcast imagery, mostly shot on 4K, 200 fps slow motion, Full HD, HDCAM 1080i High Definition, Alexa and XDCAM. Write to us for licensing this footage on a broadcast format, for use in your production! We are happy to be commissioned to film for you or else provide you with broadcast crewing and production solutions across South Asia. We pride ourselves in bringing the best of India and South Asia to the world... Please subscribe to our channel wildfilmsindia on Youtube www.youtube.com/wildfilmsindia for a steady stream of videos from across India. Also, visit and enjoy your journey across India at www.clipahoy.com , India's first video-based social networking experience. Reach us at rupindang [at] gmail [dot] com and admin@wildfilmsindia.com To SUBSCRIBE click the below link: www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=WildFilmsIndia Like &amp; Follow Us on: Facebook: www.facebook.com/WildernessFilmsIndiaLimited Website: www.wildfilmsindia.com
