---
title: "Cambodia Travel, Cambodia Tourist, Chi Phat Community Basesd Ecotourism, Koh kong Province, 60PLAY HD, English Sub"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SPOlH1VFOyRs5CoDh/x240"
vid_id: "x7vn9ox"
categories: "travel"
tags: ["Cambodia Travel","Cambodia Tourist","Chi Phat Community Basesd Ecotourism"]
date: "2020-08-26T17:36:03+03:00"
duration: "PT3M"
---
Cambodia Travel, Cambodia Tourist, Chi Phat Community Basesd Ecotourism, Koh kong Province, 60PLAY HD, English Sub  <br>+Chi Phat is mainland South East Asia's largest remaining tract of rainforest situated directly in the heart of the Cardamom Mountains. With mountains, mangroves and low land swamps on the one hand and many cultural artifacts such as burial jars and wooden coffins on the other hand, Chi Phat and its surrounding area has a variety of attractions to offer both to local and international tourists. Tourists can take a walk through the forest trails and meet warm and friendly village people.  <br>+Accessibility  <br>From Phnom Penh there are several buses and minibuses going to Koh Kong daily.  <br>Establishment  <br>Chi Phat Ecotourism Site was established in 2007 by an Environmental NGO called Wildlife Alliance.  <br>+Attractions and Activities  <br>There is a lot of fascinating nature at Chi Phat, including mountains, waterfalls, rivers, evergreen forests, low land swamps and Malaluka swamps. Thanks to the good network of forest trails at Chi Phat tourists get the chance to watch quite a huge diversity of wildlife and birds. In addition to that, tourists can also visit a beautiful village full of warm, open people and see cultural artifacts such as burial jars and wooden coffins. Activities which can be done at Chi Phat go from single and multi day mountain biking and trekking and traditional boat trips, to forest camping, wildlife and bird watching and village explorations.  <br>+ CBT Products and services  <br>include transportation from Andoung Touek to Chi Phat and back, motortaxis, bicycle and mountain bike rental, ox cart trips, camping equipment rental, porters, homestays and guesthouses, local restaurants and communal cooking groups, cooks (for trekking/cycling tours) and First Aid-certified guides.  <br>Prices  <br>Transportation to Chi Phat from Andoung Touek with a wooden boat: 35$ (max.20p.)  <br>Transportation to Chi Phat from Andoung Touek with a speed boat:   50$ (max.7p.)  <br>Homestay: Room (2p.) 3$, per extra person 1$  <br>Guesthouse: Room (2p.) 5$, per extra person 1$  <br>Food: Breakfast in village 2.5$, Lunch/Dinner in village 3.5$, In the forest 2.5$  <br>Bicycle rental/day: High level 10$, Simple 2$, Children's bike 1$  <br>Trekking equipment rental/day: Backpack 2$, Hammock&amp;Tent 2$, Rain Coat 1$  <br>Porter/day: per porter 6$  <br>Overnight Fee: 1.5$  <br>Guide/day: 1-2p. 6$, 3p. 8.25$, 4p. 10$  <br>Forest Cook/day: 1-3p. 6$, 4p. 8.25$, 5p. 10$  <br>Reforestation project: 3$  <br>O'key mountain community:6$  <br>O'malu waterfall: 7$  <br>Jar's site: 10$  <br>Chi Phat to ADT (Andoung Touek): 7$  <br>Sunrise bird watching tour by motor boat: 20$, by row boat 10$  <br>Veal Ta Prak tour by motor boat 20$, by row boat 5$  <br>Bat cave tour by row boat to Chhay Tameas 9$  <br>Chhay O'kut waterfall 3$  <br>Ta Ngol mountain view point 3$  <br>Bat cave and waterfall 10$  <br>+Facilities around the site  <br>Besides visiting Chi Phat, Koh Kong province has a lot to offer, too. This province is especially famous for its mangrove forest along the sea. Border crossing to Thailand and
