---
title: "Famous train line that runs through a Thai market free of crowds"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SROS71VKTc1SzDdsC/x240"
vid_id: "x7vyhaf"
categories: "news"
tags: ["railway","government","march"]
date: "2020-09-06T03:09:03+03:00"
duration: "PT4M23S"
---
Footage shows Thailand's famous railway market today without the usual crowds of tourists.   <br>The Maeklong Railway Market - which has fresh food stalls lining the tracks - is normally packed every day with holidaymakers photographing the popular destination and posing for selfies.  <br>However, the country's borders have been closed to tourists since March 22. Popular destinations like the market, some 50km south west of Bangkok, are now free from crowds - giving the perfect view of trains passing through the stalls.  <br>Footage shows how traders raise their parasols and scoop up the trays of food as trains arrive and leave the nearby station. Carriages even rattle by just inches from the food, which is then sold after.  <br>The vehicles come within inches of vegetables and fish before leaving the market, also called the Talad Rom Hub market.  <br>Five trains a day pass through the market, starting at 8:30am and ending in the afternoon.   <br>Historians said that the market was established more than 100 years ago. When government officials ordered the building of a new line straight through the land, traders refused to move to a new location and continued using the area even while trains passed through.  <br>One visitor writing on TripAdvisor said: ''The first time you watch, you are engulfed with not getting hit by the train. Alas the traders are ever so careful to get you out of the way. Please make note that some of the other tourists are a bit stubborn.''  <br>Another added: ''Witnessing the train driving at two feet of you and seeing all the stalls opening in front of the train and closing again after the last wagon has passed is something one can only experience here.  <br>''I had the privilege to be able to see this as one and only &quot;tourist&quot; on the site due to the COVID-19 virus. Generally the experience if spoiled due to the fact there are too many tourists who don't respect the site and even stop the train by staying on the railway to take pictures. So, yes, absolutely super experience but I was lucky.''
