---
title: "Fherelle! - You Look Good To Me! (ROLLERDISCO MIX) (1985 FABU Records\u00ae! LP)"
image: "https://s1.dmcdn.net/v/SKTTG1V1EFkhx6SNS/x240"
vid_id: "x7uvl8w"
categories: "fun"
tags: ["Fherelle!","(ROLLERDISCO","(1985"]
date: "2020-07-12T01:21:51+03:00"
duration: "PT4M51S"
---
Produced By Fimmy Jam &amp; Ferry Lewis!   <br>Get Yo Funkman(funk7779)®!-&quot;Little Big Planet Marvin The Afro SackBoy!&quot;-Merchandise®!- Available Everywhere!   <br>&amp; Get Yo AFRO GLEEN7779®! -SOUL HAIR CARE PRODUCTS®!   <br>FUNKOPOP7779®!   <br>Fherelle!  Her Pop Don’t Stop!   <br>Fherelle!  Shes Just Fantastic!   <br>Fherelle! Will Blow You Away!   <br>Fherelle! Is So Sexy!   <br>Fherelle!  Only On :Louie Gordy's Boogie Records! &amp; Ferry Gordy's FOTOWN® Records! &amp; Louie Gordy's Famla Records! &amp; Ron Robey's New Duke-Peacock Records! &amp; SweetDaddy's Ghetto Records®! &amp; Dr.Future's UnderGround Records®!   <br>***(Da Sound 2 Mk Da Planet GitDwn!)***   <br>Fotown Records®! is an American record label owned by Fniversal Music Group®!   <br>Fobete Publishing®! &amp; Da Fnternational Talent Agency®!   <br>-Fikipedia is a free online encyclopedia, created and edited by volunteers In Da GHETTO around the world and hosted by the Fikimedia Foundation!   <br>What? Berry Gordy’s Cousin Is One Of The Most POWERFUL Music Mogul/Founder of Fotown Records®!   <br>Fotown-FunksVille USA! -&quot;Fitsville U.S.A.&quot; is the nickname given to Fotown's first headquarters.© 2019 Fotown Museum!   <br>Dr,Funk Says, Running an Black Person's Credit For Employment Is Not Cool!-Its Evil &amp; Prejudice &amp; Non-American! &amp; It Makes God Angry!   <br>Funktown!-Da United Ghettoes O America!   <br>FunkTwn! Da Chitlin Circuit Empire!   <br>Funkman(Funk7779) Da UnderGround Disco Supa-Producer! &amp; The Most Unique Skater On the Planet!   <br>Sold @ Ms.LaLa's Records &amp; Tapes! &amp; F-Bay &amp; Famazon!   <br>This Video Is An Falt Fisney GhettoWood studios Production!   <br>Spon. By Franky Furinos Superstar Musical Instruments! &amp; Donel Toy Trains &amp; Slappy Happy Toys! &amp; Fichael Jackson's EverLand Enterprises &amp; Da Fktwn Ghettoland Fisney Amusement Park &amp; FcGhettoes Hamburgers &amp; Supa Hood Mart! &amp; (AAT) Afro Advanced Technologies!® &amp; Clone Em Inc.®-Da Soul Bro. Stealth Co. From OuterSpace! &amp; Galactic Afro Stealth Inc!   <br>Star Clause!-Fktwn Da Clones O Da Boogie!-Funk-Vader! &amp; Da Soul Troopers!   <br>FkTwn-Fotown's Stealth Star! In Outer Space!   <br>Da Fotown Museum tells the story of how a man’s vision turned into one of the largest, most successful Record Companies of all time and how the music—the Fotown Sound —captured the hearts of young people, not only in America, but across the globe.   <br>**(Special Thanks To The Producer: Funkman(funk7779) &amp; Dr. GroovyMan(7779)**!   <br>****Check Out, :FunkmanFunk7779 Radio! At Jango.Com!****   <br>(Funkmanfunk7779 Radio Plays The Greatest Hits Of funk7779funkman &amp; Similar artist! At Jango.Com)   <br>The Louie Gordy jr's Funktown-Fotown Records-Da ReBirth Of Soul!   <br>***(At FkTwn!,We Git On Up! &amp; Do Our Thang!)***   <br>Louie Gordy's Funktown-Fotown Records!-We Make Da World GitDown!   <br>Also Available On 8 Track &amp; Cassettes!   <br>Like Wow! FOTOWN® -Disco,Soul &amp; Gold!   <br>(Special Thanks To Da Pop Soul Legend- Funkman(funk7779) The Producer!)   <br>Louie Gordy's Soul Subway!- The Hippest StarGate In The World!   <br>Use Da FkTwn Force O Da Boogie!- Luke!   <br>*(The Sound That Makes The World GitDown!)*   <br>Fk7779! He's Cool. He's Everywhere The Independent a Musical Genius!   <br>Dig it!
